i feel obligated to write a full review of the complete experience i've had with this phone, and warn others who could potentially experience the same scenario. i bought this phone through verizon strictly to see if motorola has begun to catch up with the high-end models in the market, and to try out the moto mods which seemed like a cool idea.  first the phone's glass fractured within a week without any dropping, hitting, or excess pressure. it literally sat on my nightstand and had a hairline crack when i woke up and checked the time. regardless of my frustration (i'm insanely careful with all of my phones), motorola was just not having it, and insisted i pay $190 for damage repairs. it didn't hinder and function of the phone, and was barely noticeable; so i continued to use it as-is for about a year. during that time, i experienced the following with the phone:  pros: awesome battery life the moto mods functioned well; especially the speaker which was pretty nice on many occasions the shake feature to turn on the led flashlight came in handy a lot more than you might think  cons: mediocre bluetooth functionality horrible call clarity small storage with no sd slot speaker without moto mod was very quiet  unfortunately, with almost a year of use, the phone began glitching and the battery is giving out. it randomly reboot about a week ago, and now the power/lock button quit functioning; rendering the phone practically useless. i've recently had the misfortune of dealing with motorola customer service for the first time, and found it insanely frustrating to deal with 3 different "supervisors" from china (they were speaking mandarin in the background...) all contradicting one another until one of them made the decision they would not help me until i paid the $125 damage repair for the glass. this was over the span of 4 days in which i was contacted by them several times, some saying they'd take care of me through the warranty, but the others saying i need to pay $125 for it to be fixed. after telling the "supervisor" to cancel the repair process, and expressing how frustrated i was with the service and the company, i got the standard "is there anything else?/have a good weekend" pitch. it's clear this company has absolutely no sense of accountability for their products, nor do they seem to care how their customers feel about it.  i'm not on a mission to drag down a company here (although, i feel like i should be), but trying to stay unbiased from my experience, i would hate for this to continue happening to anyone else. if you're looking for a good product backed by a reliable company that cares about said product, this is not it.  overall, this was a mediocre device that obviously came with some major design flaws. paired with the worst manufacturer customer service i've ever encountered, i would steer hard left, save your money , and invest a little more in a quality device with a company that stands behind it.
i've had this phone for 6 months and i liked it very much.  today it went to sleep and won't wake up.  now i'm going through the return/exchange/warranty maze of inanity now and quickly found that motorola's customer support and warranty claims are horrible (long waits, non-english, poor service, etc.).  i had much better customer experience when i was with my previous phone(s) - samsung . . . if this is your first motorola, beware and review warranty info.
the phone itself is great.  my carrier is at&t.  i am giving it a poor rating because i would like to warn potential buyers of what to expect when buying  an unlocked non-branded phone for use on these networks.  this seems to apply to t-mobile and metro pcs as well.  i have had the smartphone for two weeks and at&t will not activate and allow some basic functionality.  you will not be able to make hd (high def voice calls)  otherwise known as volte or 4g lte voice calling or be able to use wi-fi calling.  at&t will not allow the revs in the software downloads for these now most basic technologies to operate.  their lame excuse is that these smartphones and that technology have not been sufficiently tested on their networks.  totally ludicrous ... at this point in the game 4g voice calling and wi-fi calling major bugs have all been worked out. verizon actually has this same phone branded and hd voice/wi-fi calling seem to work just fine on their networks.  so now all your voice calls will go over over their old 3g hspa network.  now companies like verizon have stopped building 2g/3g on their new cell sites about some 4 years ago.  so if your smartphone won't originate a 4g voice call you basically will have no service for voice calling.  i am not sure about at&t and if they are still deploying hspa+ on their new builds. one cannot get a straight answer.  also, i have experienced incoming call failures while the smartphone sits on the lte carrier and there is an incoming call. the phone has difficulty in then completing/setting up the incoming call on the 3g network. its intermittent but definitely an issue.  in addition, an imei (esn) miss match condition shows on your subscriber info internal to at&t.  in order for lte to continue to operate on your smartphone they have to keep your old imei provisioned or some other bogus imei from  a branded device.  if one day their policy should change on this matter you will not have lte data service at all but be forced solely onto their 3g network at 3g speeds although paying for 4g. another important point is at&t's advisement to use a 2nd party wi-fi calling app like hangouts or skype on these smartphones.  there are so many issues in going that route, like not being able to receive incoming calls using your cell number, that this direction deserves a whole write up on its own.  with all of these issues i would not even dare to use this smartphone for international roaming.  given at&t's logic  perhaps we all should turn down electric light and go back to rotary dial telephones as well. perhaps electricity and push button phones have not been tested properly as well and should not be allowed ......  the real reason of course comes down to $$$ and sense.  at&t and the like are not making money on these smartphones so that is more the real reason to have such an insane policy.  i am having  issues with other basic features as well.  you cannot activate call forwarding from the handset.  anytime you want to call forward you need to call in to customer service to activate or deactivate.  we all know how much fun that is ......  i am sure i will find many other issues if i decide to keep using this smartphone.  these phone manufacturers should not be allowed to sell this equipment and the carriers should not allow these smartphones to be activated at all given the limitations that are present.  how would you like an automobile that is "air conditioner ready" but the auto maker won't install the compressor to activate the air conditioning because they did not  sell you the car ....... well welcome to at&t mobility ....
i don't own this particular product but i've own past motorola phones, namely the moto x 2013 and moto x pure edition 2015.  while great phones hardware wise updates were few and far between despite promises that updates would be fast and timely you'll be lucky to be upgraded to the next version of android and if you are it will be a year after that version is released before you get it...if you get it.  and security patches forget about it, last security patch i received was over 6 months ago.  with new security threats emerging every day this is unacceptable.  i urge anyone who is concerned about the security of their information to avoid motorola phones until they can demonstrate they can provide fast and timely updates to their phones as they've promised for the past 3yrs but have failed to deliver.
bought one of these at the best buy a couple towns over and it worked fine for the past 2 months. until about 10 minutes ago where it fell 2 feet and bonked the screen on a plastic container that held zip-ties. i had a case on this thing and a pretty decent screen protector but it still broke the digitizer. i'll have to fork over $100 to get the screen and digitizer and replace it myself because to have the company do it it'll cost me upwards of $150-$200.  it is a good phone but it's completely ridiculous that the digitizer on the screen can break from a 2 foot drop onto a plastic container. i will fix this but i'll never buy one of these again.
i bought this phone at a local store brand new, and i have a couple gripes about it that amazon users should be aware of.  1: although my device was brand new, sealed in box, it was not packaged with any protective film over the glass on the back of the phone.  consequently, right out of the box, the glass back was scratched.  the associate had two in stock.  neither had plastic protecting the glass back, and both had scratches.  that's annoying.  2: i owned the phone for 1 day.  within 8 hours of use (i just set it up and installed the latest updates), a vertical line of slightly discolored pixels began to appear down the middle of the screen.  resetting the device would cause the line to sometimes disappear, but it would reappear shortly after.  i did some research and discovered that this is not uncommon with the moto z series phones.  it apparently begins as hardly noticeable, but becomes gradually more visible until it is obvious and no longer disappears with resets.  ultimately, it was the flaw in the display being a common issue that caused me to return the phone.  i like the specs, the size, the mods, and i loved the wooden magnetic back cover, but there are some build quality issues, so i can't recommend the phone, and based on what i read about the graphic flaw, it's unfortunate but i'll probably move on from the moto series.  i got burned by the lg bootloop, and am reaching the point where i don't easily trust manufacturers to produce a product worth what you pay for anymore.  for what it's worth, it was very snappy, the display was bright, although not as high resolution as i am used to, the os was easy to use.  if they would have succeeded in their first impression, i would have been a pleased customer.
the phone is great.  however, when i went to activate it i found learned it did not have a serial number that works on verizon.  it was advertised as working on verizon, so beware.  the moto z play does work on verizon but the serial number has to be certified for verizon.
worst phone ever and worst customer support. one star for a great camera. two phones spontaneously dead and customer service support is abysmal. the replacement phone for the first failure lasted less than two months. third phone cannot download information from the second phone as per motorola protocol and neither att or motorola can seem to understand booting up a new phone. my mistake by getting attracted to the gadget part of the product and i should have been looking at the track record of customers and getting the basics right. whatever value i thought it was for the price has now been torched in lost time and aggravation. motorola stock futures should be dropping faster than gravity towards a rocky pit of broken integrated circuits and software. after 3+ hours time in technical help i actually feel sorry for the poor folks they hire to troubleshoot.
the blue tooth doesn't play nice with the toyota entune system. i tried 2 of these and gave up. it would have static/skipping during the conversations that would end up with me having to ask people to repeat themselves over and over.  if it works with other bluetooth systems, i don't know. everything else on the phone was pretty awesome, too bad about the bluetooth.
this phone does not work with virizon or us cellular or just about any network think twice about getting this phone.  the phone is great it's the fact that it's geared to at&t t-mobil and will not work with most networks.  in my area even t-mobil doesn't work.
this phone is garbage.  first thing i did notice on the phone, you make and two step security (; #1 your finger print. #2 a send backup(pin code.) neither one work. let's just say you have one or the other or both like i do. at the lock screen all you have to do is slide up from the bottom and it unlocks you device... dude..  straight trash phone. i'm waiting for it to mess up so i can burn it. don't buy this piece of shit. don't water your time or your money. contact me for anything else. please. 0 (zero) star rating.
doesn't work on verizon networks. very disappointed
this phones screen is supposed to have gorilla corning glass 3, i dropped it once sitting on a low lawn chair which was less than a foot drop and it cracked the entire screen! i'm incredibly pissed and disappointed, phone is still brand new and i was in the process of returning the damn thing! now i'm stuck with it and have to pay $200 to replace a damn screen that was supposedly gorilla glass. do not purchase!
i returned this phone after less than a week. the hardware is fantastic as is the battery life. feels premium in the hand. i'm currrently using galaxy note 5 and thought i could take an l on not having the s pen...no s pen i could deal with but not with the lackluster software. it is fast but boring. if you love stock android with no extra features and battery life is important, it could be a great phone for you. if you like putting different launchers on  your phone this can also work for you. i hated it. looks like i will have to wait and see what the s8 or note 8 is like. hoping contrary to rumors that they are same size as my current note 5 and nit too much larger.
dont get if you plan on using it with verizon. this version is not compatible with verizon. the "moto z play droid" is however. disappointing to say the least
that is a good smartphone,but my  phone have a problem with its slot cause i can't use my sim card.i believe that was a unlocked phone,and the website said to me then i will use it in my country.i fell very disappointed.i don't turn purchase another again.
this is the worst purchase i ever made from amazon. phone (with one year warranty) stopped working after 5 months. amazon was no help. motorolla says my purchase info from amazon appears fraudulent. motorolla always seems to have another hoop for their customer to jump through. they seem to be all about finding new ways to dismiss customers rather than assist them. sad! any further purchases from amazon by me will be of a last resort.
sluggish response. lenovo does not update the software often. wonder if they would update at all?
this product stopped working after 2 months!
extremely fragile compared to my moto x 1st generation. had the phone a little more than a month and a drop from below waist high onto carpet cracked the screen (you can barely see the crack) but the digitizer has stopped working and the phone is dark with an exception of an occasional flash in the upper corner. what's more, i had a silicone rubber case and a tempered glass screen protector on it and it still broke with such a minor almost silent impact.  now motorola / lenovo wants $200 to fix it.  very disappointed in what was a great phone but is just far too fragile for everyday use.
the functionality of the phone is what i've come to expect from motorola, which is good.  i started with a 1st gen moto x and now i have the moto z play.  i wanted to move to a slightly bigger screen and this phone fit the bill.  not quite as big as some and bigger than the average.  the price was definitely right, which is something i've come to expect from motorola as well.  great bang for your buck.  the only concern i have with this phone is durability.  in all my years of owning moto x phones, and dropping them, i've never had one crack or break on me.  within the first week of owning this phone, i'm getting out of my car, the phone slips out of my pocket and falls maybe 2 ft. to the concrete...cracked screen.  that ruined my day.  needless to say, i made sure the phone was secure and treated it with kid gloves until my case and screen protector arrived.  i haven't had any drops since then, so i'm not sure how the phone will react with the case on.  hopefully, not as horribly as it did without the case.  i would've given this phone a 5 if it had handled a small drop a little better.
why just one star because the moto z play has a crappy file manager.  tried to copy files from the internal drive using the moto file manager from playstore well it sucks.  the app kept asking me to grant write access permission to write to card stumbled on the answer have to open downloads app and then upper right show sd card then using different file manager the asus app it worked.  maybe im wrong but for $400 the device should have a file manger that works. i bought a lg volt for $35 and the file manger is flawless.  the moto e has the same descrepencies as the moto z play.
this phone is nice, but it is not compatible with fitbit.  i contacted them and they don't know if and when it will be compatible.  very disappointed!!!
what's the matter with you people? the built in camera is horrible. the moto mods are cool for a few days and then you realize how stupid the whole concept is. the moto mods add a huge bulk to the phones when attached , they are cubersom to carry around , and they are really expensive. i can get a better super small camera , i easy to carry great sounding speaker , and a way better projector than the moto mods versions at a fraction of the cost. and all just as easy if not easier to carry around.
i bought this phone and got it all set up,only to realize that it wasn't a verizon phone and i couldn't activate it. it is rather heavy, and there's a lot of bloatware to remove. i did have to send it back.
i honestly can't stand this phone. i bought it 6 months ago, and in that time have encountered the following bugs: the ringer/notifications completely stop working (volume all the way up, notification sounds assigned and turned on, phone just simply wouldn't alert me to incoming calls or texts); microphone randomly crashes (make or receive a call and the other person can't hear me); volume button defaults to media volume, even when no media is playing; random restarts and random freezes. it's an all around pain to deal with, and there really is not a single thing about this phone that i really like. i traded in my 3 year old galaxy for this phone, and the 3 year old galaxy had better battery life, operation, and overall function than the moto z had even brand new out of the box. the sales guy told me this phone was virtually indestructible (my galaxy had an unfortunate meeting with asphalt that forced its retirement, so that was a major selling point in the store), but i'm very much doubtful that i'll own this phone long enough to find out for sure. i'll be replacing this phone as soon as it's paid off, and strongly recommend that anyone on the market for a new phone skips this one altogether.
google play shut down by itself or phone when opened.
pros: excellent battery timely updates (as of this writing the phone is on 7.1 december 1st security patch) fingerprint reader mods are a nice addition  cons: moto display not working properly camera is awfull wifi connection is sketchy at best awfull display resolution when charging gets hot only one speaker on the front of the phone  i bought this phone after two years with the moto z pure (the las moto phone worth it after the buy out from lenovo if you ask me). the wave to see notifications doesn't work. the wifi velocity is really slow (i made a speedtest next to a sony xperia z5. in a 75mgs connection i got 30mgs and the other phone 50). the display is not usefull for vr (and yes, i can see the pixels with the naked eye after comming from moto x pure). the only thing good about this phone is the battery (7.5 / 8hs of screen of time).  this is the last moto phone i will buy.  buyers beware!
just got this in the mail. there are many pro's on this phone but there are equally as many con's. here is my take coming from a sony phone:  pro's: - this phone is lightweight and has a glossy feel and look to it. if you are a person who hates seeing their fingerprints on the glossy back, moto has added a free snap on (fake grain back cover) to hide it. the phone feels premium.  - the battery has been good over the few days i have had it. it charges fast and does hold its charge.  -bonus: this phone does not get hot. or even warm. i was amazed at this. whether you are multi tasking or downloading 20 apps, this phone would stay cool and would not freeze or lag. love it.  - the screen is a bit over saturated. sony has done a good job at making sure the right colors are tuned to pop (my previous phone). the motorola phone over saturates everything. the display is good however and does not get washed out in the sun. just remember, this is not a 2k phone or a 4k (sony z5 premium). however, it will deliver the contrast for movies close to the higher end displays.  - cell phone service is generally good. however, there is a downside to it when it comes to sar rating (radiation).  cons: - camera is dull. it's basic and the pictures are not worth taking indoors at all. use your canon or another phone for those birthday and anniversary parties.  - no dedicated music app. or photo gallery. or video app. if you enjoy just hearing plain old audio, this phone is great. however, htc offers boomsound and sony offers hi-res audio. i don't believe google play converts music to hi-resolution.  - the active notification screen: this phone does not have color led light notification. however, it does replace it with a different formula. the screen comes on when you wave your hand or hold up your phone. but it is on steroids. you are in a restaurant and talking to your friends around the table: the screen will turn on and off like you are the most popular guy getting all those supposedly phone calls and texts (you aren't getting any but i don't mind pretending that way). however, at night if this is on your night table, it will light up the room every time you move in your bed.  - sar rating (a big no no) - i wanted to put this at last so i had the chance to put both pro's and cons for this phone. when looking at what new phone to buy, sar rating plays a great role. it is the radiation that the phone emits that is absorbed by your body. keep in mind you will be using that phone for 2 to 4 years and you understand you have to look at this most importantly if you are buying for your child or spouse. for me, finding the sar rating was like finding the leprechaun with his gold for this phone (which is why i just bought the phone after google turned up nill). when i searched the user manual and the fcc notice, motorola dodged the numbers by just stating that this phone met the sar ratings and was approved by fcc. looking at the manual did not help as it directed me to the motorola website for that magic number. i can understand why they have the number hidden. the number is extremely high for the phone to emitting the sar radiation. if i remember correctly, the body sar was 1.37 and the head sar was 1.14. this is radiation that being absorbed by the human body when the phone is turned on. in respective, my previous sony was around .54 as in super low. and had a good cell reception on top of that. bottom line is, if i am going to use this phone to text, call, browse, i don't feel comfortable sticking with it for 2 to 4 years.
phone was plugged in with the charging cord it came with when we heard sizzling and looked over to see smoke coming out of the charging port. who knows what would have happened if we weren't around. the phone hasn't been damaged and we've only had it for a few months. i gave it 2 stars because it's a good phone aside from the fire hazard.
i do not recommend. although some may say the good will out weigh the bad, and i certainly agree that it does, the camera is useless on this phone because of the lack of is. when taking group shots indoor, you'll be lucky to get a good one. maybe 1 in 20 tries might turn up something usable. very bad low lighting camera...even though it's a f2.0 lense...but the sensor is probably the problem...some phones will not need is like the nexus 6p.  if you don't care about the camera, then go ahead and get it. it's a wonderful phone with exceptional battery life. i wish there was an unlocked version of the moto z force for gsm. that version is best, minus all the verizon branding. the moto z has very bad battery life, so i don't recommend that one either.  i will be returning the phone. sorry motorola/lenovo, nice try. why did you guys split the moto z force up into 2 phones?  the mods are gimmicky, except for the battery mods. who want's to carry around an extra camera or speaker? the price for the mods are not worth it. if you're going to spend an extra $250 for a camera mod that is just mediocre, you might as well get a google pixel. the hasselblad mod will not improve the quality of the pictures either from my research.  lenovo/motorola has yet to learn that gimmicky phones don't work. motorola atrix was a fail. sony xperia play was a fail. asus padfone was a fail. those phones with flip cameras to double as a front and rear are all fails.  the moto x line was nice. they should have kept that line going. just add a finger print sensor to the moto x pure edition and it would still compete with today's phone.
performance is not as good as another 820 snapdrangon i dont know what happen here sorry moto i live your company but this time not good
bought this because it was reviewed as the most powerful android on the market and because of the ability to use mods. very disappointed. typing on the keyboard is a true test of patience. not to mention all the ads that randomly pop up and that was even before i added any apps. can't say it is the phone or the os but has been the worst phone i've had so far.
moto would not commit to monthly security updates making this phone along with most others huge security risks. stick with nexus 5x, 6p or pixel phones that get updates direct from google. this reliance on manufactures for updates must end.
32g rom 3g ram but there are better. what lost the stars was a battery that you can't remove !  all the bloatware apps. can run as long as they want and u can't cut off the power to them . understand now ?
i've only been using this device for a few days so i may add to this. i come from the og moto x 2013 and 2nd gen moto x 2014, passing on the moto x 2015 pure (although i may order that while it's reasonably priced). the moto z play is a very well built device. great attention to detail, the mod concept is interesting, but the jury is still out in my opinion. the shell back however seems to work fine even for someone that may never buy one of the overpriced other mods. batter is incredible, wifi connectivity is flawless, radio signal is very good even in places that were previously a problem for the moto x 2014. all in all an excellent device.  now for the not so good: it's a bulky, fairly heavy device, with the metal sides incredibly smooth, meaning slippery. i am concerned this device will be slipping through my fingers in the near future..hopefully on a soft ground.  this can be remedied maybe with a case that covers the sides, defeating the purpose of a nice looking device, not to mention adding even more to the bulkiness. but more than anything...and i'd like the moto people that are lurking on these reviews to respond to: why the heck did they leave out the 1700 band? as an at&t user, this band, from everything i've read is an important frequency for lte. that said, i do see lte a good part of the time, but in many places that i would ordinarily get an lte signal on my 2014, i now get an hspa signal.  this could be a deal killer. fortunately amazon has a great return policy.  leaving out this band, when it was present on the previous moto x's is mind boggling to me. answer please?  edit: according to lenovo/moto reply on their forums, the claim is that the spec sheet is incorrect and the device really does have the 1700 band...hmmm.
intro: solid phone all around.  i have a handful of devices which i use for work and have been a longtime fan of motorola phones namely for their strong radios and speakerphones (something i hope doesn't change post lenovo purchase and alleged mass layoffs of their engineering team in the u.s.) and have had at least one moto phone of their annual product cycles for years.  it's been a disappointing trend in the past year or so to see them focus exclusively on the phablet market with nearly all devices coming in at massive 5.5in display point (there's the moto g4 play with a 5in display but that's far from a flagship). anyhow, going back to this phone, i settled on this as the normal moto z was just too expensive and although the thinness is fantastic, i don't see myself valuing it over battery life.  i also like the option of being able to use those moto mods but currently based on the price point and what i've read (and played with at a vz store), have no intention of getting one.  experience & performance: the moto z play has a great/solid build quality and is a fantastic performer all around!! i didn't find any lags with normal usage; none at all!  don't pay attention to reviews that run ambiguous benchmarks.  trust me, unless you're going to be playing tons of games with 3d graphics, those benchmarks are of little value.  ive used the galaxy s7 and the sony xperia x and can tell you that this phone feels faster than both of them!  moto should be praised for their near stock android experience sprinkled with a few gentle/well thought of touches such as moto display which made its debut in the original moto x in 2013.  having said that, it wouldve been great to have a few more customizations for moto display considering this is now the 4th generation and all.  for instance, setting the sensitivity would be great as its a bit too sensitive right now.  i could just put the coffee mug on the table the phone is on and the display comes on with the time.  battery: this is where this device truly shines! and i mean shines!!! unless you're browsing all day with a bunch of apps running in the background, you should easily be able to get a good two days out of this phone! no doubt about it, this is hands down the best battery life you can get on a decent android phone in the market  the 3500ma battery in combination with the snapdragon 625 processor and the 1080p screen are all fantastic for battery life. i'm also fairly optimistic about the upcoming nugat (7.0) update to further improve the battery life as the doze mode optimizations seem to have a material effect (as observed on my other devices).  kudos to moto for not burdening this phone with an unnecessarily high resolution. this display is more than adequate and won't be leaving you wanting more.  connectivity: this is actually a crucial part of the phone that unfortunately doesnt get enough coverage on most reviews you read online.  you could get a phone with good specs and great reviews (such as oneplus 3) that are really lackluster (to say it politely) when it comes to many everyday use scenarios due to poor radio performances of various sort.  for instance, the gps on the oneplus is outright terrible and lte band coverage isnt all that comprehensive! going back to the moto z play, it truly excels in both of the aforementioned categories to say the least.  the lte band coverage is fairly comprehensive and should work without any issues on most u.s. carriers and a handful of international ones as well ( i used it on the t-mobile network; will i ever live to see the day where moto phones are back in the shelves of retail carriers other than verizon?)  the only connectivity issue i had was with bluetooth.  on a few occasions while talking with a paired up plantronics voyager legend, the bluetooth would suddenly drop for no reason at all (meaning there wasnt a sudden increase of distance or anything).  camera: motorola has come a long way since the original moto x.  the improvements in camera really started with the sony sensor in the moto x 2014 and have continued since. the 16m shooter on this phone is excellent! very fast to load and focus (especially given the handy twist gesture). i'm not sure if this phone is using a sony or omnivision sensor but regardless, the white balance is generally good and pictures capture a good amount of detail provided adequate lighting.  videos are equally good (especially given the lack of ois). however, things really fall apart when it comes to low light. noise levels automatically go through the roof and thus impairing detail and any color accuracy. for $450, i can't complain too much but for a 2016 midrange phone, i would've wished for a bit better low light performance.  conclusion: so, why the three stars instead of five when everything is so good?? frankly, heres when i get a little subjective.  the phone is too bulky and not a good fit in the hand and the fingerprint reader placement is quite awkward; of all the phones with those fingerprint scanners, this new crop of moto phones this year have the oddest form factor when it comes to the implementation.  dont get me wrong, the scanner actually works quite well! and it is fast.  but the placement of that square is just odd and very unnatural feeling.  i also get why the phone is so heavy given the extra battery and all but still feel like it couldve been a lot better.  this is quite evident by fairly quick wrist fatigue when holding the phone up while laying down.  if that is not of concern to you and you actually prefer the larger screen size, then theres no doubt about it, this phone is the best bang of the buck at this price point (and then the excellent moto g line would be close second to this). [rant alert] motorola, why oh why, have you not made a single flagship phone in two years (since moto x 2014) that has a smaller form factor? therere lots of people interested in non-phablet phones.  the days of screen spec race are long over and most leading manufacturers have settled on (5.0~5.2) as the ideal size for a large segment of the market (sure, apple is still sticking to 4.7).  samsung, lg, htc, sony in the android world all have flagship offerings for that size point; it is incredibly puzzling why motorola is being so stubborn in releasing nothing but phablets especially now when theyre really struggling to recapture so much of the lost market share and leadership that they once had.  i just hope someone at motorola takes note and does something about this.  i cant tell you how many times at best buy or elsewhere ive heard people complaining that all these moto phones are gigantic.
phone did what is was supposed to do, and when i had the battery, it was amazingly convenient. but the magnetic mounting would fail every time i dropped it, worse yet the design( or third parties) don't make a phone case to fit over the accessories.
i loved my previous moto x, but this phone was a lemon.  after a week or two it started rebooting spontaneously.  repeatedly.  i called motorola support, and they quickly replaced it.  second phone - same issue!  i went through all of their troubleshooting steps and a few of my own.  i reset it and installed no apps, but after a week the second phone did the same thing!  i gave up with motorola support and decided to take a loss on this phone and order something more reliable.  i also wasted money on a couple of moto mods.  sorry, moto z ...  i wanted to love you, but you broke my heart ... and my wallet.
this version of the moto z play is not verizon compatible. the description doesn't really make that clear. it offers to sell a verizon sim card with it and there's an answered question that's just a link someone posted of verizon compatible phones with moto z play listed. but this is still a separate moto z play from what will work on verizon.
i brought one 2 months and worked for about 4 weeks and then it didn't work i would love a replacement
not an unlocked phone, that can be used on any network.  i have yet to find a network that has the phone listed as compatible.
i bought this phone on july 30, 2017. it's now january 3, 2018 and it won't power on. it's not even a year old yet. i love the storage of this phone because i use a lot of apps and take a lot of pictures, but it's very unreliable. since i received the phone, it's had trouble updating. i tried doing the latest security update at least 5 times and it wasn't successful. it's now stuck on a screen that says 'your device has failed verification and may not work properly. your device will boot in 5 seconds', but then doesn't boot. on top of losing use of my phone, motorola's customer service is horrendous. i spent time chatting with a representative just to have her direct me to a link, then disconnect abruptly. i had trouble with the link, so i called their customer service. that representative rushed me off the phone. i requested a expedited replacement, but they said they couldn't. very poor service. i now have to wait 4-5 business days for a replacement that is "like new". it's not even going to be a new phone. very upset and disappointed with motorola. will never purchase from them again.
at the time i got the phone, it had been released over a year ago, but initially all things considered it seemed to be fairly easy to use. switching from iphone, i instantly liked the interface, but it was all about to change. over the next week, i was forced to update the phone well over 10 times, each time taking around 20 minutes, which was an extreme nuisance. furthermore, the update process almost requires you to pay attention at each step. when it downloads, you have to manually go in and install it or set a time for automatic installation. but if you planned on letting it install overnight, in the morning you would still have to enter your password twice and let it boot up what felt like twice. as a new android user, each update came with generally slight changes, but it made it impossible to get used to. apart from the software, the buttons are placed in abysmal locations, as the power button, and volume buttons are quite close together on the same side and fairly hard to reach. weeks after the purchase, i would try to turn the volume down and put my phone to sleep instead. but the finger print sensor also acts as essentially a power button, so there really is no point in having the side button which still about half the time is used incorrectly. the camera is fairly sharp, and for the price range, probably on the upper side of quality, although going back in to access your photos, and make some adjustments is far harder than it should be. android customizability is always nice, although it honestly seems limited in some cases by the motorola software. for instance, trying to set up voice control is oddly difficult, and i attempted to use the "hello moto" that they used in the commercial, but for some reason it refused to register. the google search bar is unmovable without a launcher, and after closing it, it is unclear where the tab actually goes, and on numerous occasions, an accidental brush over the finger print sensor or power button would cause me to lose my tab. while this phone has some highlights such as intelligent gesture shortcuts which i always found appealing, at this point it is not worth buying and far too much of a hassle for the significantly lowered price.
i purchased this phone because i love the moto mod concept... that said, i am 0 for 2 with this phone.  do not buy.  i've had the display go out twice on two separate phones.  if i could give it negative stars i would.  the display went out this time after putting in my pocket from the restaurant and driving 5 min to my parents house.  no help from motorola either... the response was that i must have done something.  samsung only from this point forward and that's only because i despise apple products.
good batter life, good screen quality. the extra storage is really nice. everything else is pretty bad. camera quality wasnt great, and the rear camera auto focus completely stopped working after about 6 months of use. i can now only take pictures from about 6 inches away using the rear camera. apps crash all the time, especially apps that run in the background, like music. snapchat is a bad experience on this phone as well. the rear glass also has a weird plastic/rubber coating that has bubbled up and become sticky and dirty. it may be cheap phone but it will only last a year at most. i came from an iphone and wish i could go back.
i bought this because i was sick of paying at&t 900 for a phone every few years, such a rip off, the phone has excellent battery life, but it's missing stupid things like the led light for notifications, but it's fine otherwise.
avoid for now - update 7.1.1 destroyed the battery life.
if you're looking for a phone to make calls off of, send a few texts, and check your email every so often, this is the phone for you. anything more, you should probably look into something with a higher price tag. the camera is very pixelated and unless you have good lighting and are absolutely still, it will not take good pictures. as soon as you start downloading apps, the phone slows down significantly (which is understandable to a certain extent) and will at times glitch. it is also a rather large phone making it uncomfortable to use.
so i've had a month to use this phone and i've dropped my rating. first of all i bought this phone for two reasons ... 1. the price was half what i would pay for a galaxy or iphobe. second ... it's one of the few regaining phones with a headphone jack. i travel a lot and don't have time to stop and recharge bluetooth headphones all the time. i don't understand why most phone manufacturers are getting rid of the headphone jacks. so, that was a huge reason i bought this phone vs. the new google phone with a much better camera.  the battery life is good. i will say with medium/heavy use i get a full day out of it. having had motorola phones in the past which had strong batteries, i can tell you that they drain faster the longer you have them. i fully expect in a year or two to be getting less battery life than if i had bought an iphone as the moto batteries are not replaceable and wear down quick. this is coming from experience. i owned the droid razr and the droid maxx before and by the second year i was lucky to go from 8 am until noon without a full recharge.  also, i am finding it annoying that this needs a special charge cable and does not work with standard charge cables for android. while the cable charges the phone completely in under 2 hours, i have left my phone charger in my office and needed a charge at home and have had to wait until my phone died to recharge as a result. the chargers for this phone are $40 and hard to find at stores outside verizon, etc. so if you leave a charger in a hotel, be prepared to drop $40 on a new charger vs. getting a cheaper one for $10 at marshalls.  the camera on this sucks. i've never seen a camera with more washed out photos. i really wouldn't have bought this if i had tried out the camera first. it does feature a selfie mode with a flash but doesn't have the twin lenses and the photos are very hard to access on the device you go through google. so basically, your photos are automatically uploaded to google where they will stay forever. google owns your photos and they are web based.  the storage on the phone is terrible. 32 gb fills up fast. i've had my phone a month and use 10-12 apps frequently and my phone storage is 90% full. in a month!!! i will have to go buy a micro sd card now which will cost $50 - $80. so that sucks as it does not come with one. the storage in this phone is awful.  the phone itself is awkward to hold. it's huge and unlike the more expensive phones which made the screen taller and slimmer to help you hold it, the moto play is wide. i have huge hands and cannot text with one hand. be aware that you will be texting using two hands always. and this phone makes all my pant pockets look weird because it is so wide when it's in your pocket it sticks out. i don't know who ever thought making a phone that is this wide was a good idea. it really is the worst phobe i've ever had from a comfort use standpoint.  the phone is low on features and a bit hard to navigate. tons and tons of bloatwear on the verizon version. which is a shane considering how low the storage space is. google will own you when you use this. motorola makes it very difficult to find the permissions to remove sharing so you'll share all your everything (photos, videos, shopping habbits, location, browsing history, etc.) with google so they can make money off you and creepily you'll be at a store and get an ad for a coupon for that store on all your stuff for a week. it's creepy how much they know about you based on your phone sharing your info.  the phone feels cheap and this version does not have a steel back or gorilla glass screen which means it's much more likely to crack or break during a drop. this means that you'll have to buy a screen protector glass ($30-$40) and a case which protects against drops ($30-$40). so you will have to add $60-$80 for protective cases $50-$80 for a memory card. so your phone gets more and more expensive to cover it's basic flaws. also oddly no protective cases offer the ability to use it's moto accessories because the connection slot for moto's is in the back. if you use this with a moto accessory (speaker, battery pack, wireless charger, projector, camera add on) you will have to go without a case to protect it and risk damage from drops. it's dumb no case can be used with a moto from a design standpoint and given the phone's frailty.  also, the phone jack is on the bottom corner  of the phone with is odd because the headphone jack keeps popping out when it's in a pocket. horrible design. also, i've noticed that auto correct often doesn't work on this phone and it gets a bit quirky and drops searches or switches pages/apps in mid-use.  would i buy this phone again? absolutely not. you get what you pay for and it's worth it to spend more for a better phone with a better camera, more protection, more storage space and a universal battery charger. i hate this phone.
good phone for the money but what i cannot understand for the life of me why wouldn't lenovo make their own screen mirroring app instead of relying on google. i can't screen mirror to my lg 4k tv without going out and buying a chromecast. i came from the s8+ after i was sold on the mods and how cool and convenient they are. until they make a moto mirror app and their moto video app like samsung this will remain a 3 star review. its 2017. i should have all the best features within a flagship phone.
so, i was told its " unlocked" no so very true. it was a verizon phone and all the apps for said company are on the phone. being i'm a at&t customer if i switch to global settings it will work.( with two bars)  ya!!! no! it will constantly pop up this is not a " verizon" sim beoch!!   i wanted to test this next to the new moto x4 and see what the difference is. other then the camera ( witch i can see as you can buy a pc for the back that makes it a awsome camera)( but i cant be running to add said camera. i need photos now for cat rescue i run)  . it is bigger and it does not have the zon in my business. i love the moto x 4 other then the zon pop up adds for crap i will not buy. in a dilemma
i found the moto to be one of the least intuitive smartphones to use. after struggling with it for several weeks, i returned it and opted for a samsung galazy s7 edge after reading many reviews. several weeks into my edge, i'm glad i made the change. i was attracted by the moto z add-ons, but many of the reviews of the camera and other attachments were not very favorable. this cemented my decision to switch phones.
i really really wanted to give this phone 5 stars...  but i just can't. i am not big into gaming on phones, not big into talking on them forever, or even really messaging back and forth. i wanted a cheap phone, that would play music, had a spreadsheet that i could log my workouts, and play videos from youtube.  i could say this phone plays music, but it doesn't come with a media play installed, so go find one on the app store. no big deal. it has an aux port so you can use headphones, it is sad that i have to say that is a pro to the phone. it has google docs and sheets, so i can track my activities and uploads them to the cloud so they are current everywhere. it even has youtube on the app store. so... why 2 stars?  because i can't keep the phone from restarting!  yep, that's right. the phone will restart when your using it. it has a full mental break down when it is trying to download/update anything from the app store. and sometimes, it will just restart because it feels like it.  i don't think this was a problem until the os updated to android 7.0. i've looked into it and as far as i can tell no one will help me because i am not on version's service. i get the "factory reset the phone" crap every time.oh, you want to use the phone on verizon? nope, they for some reason, will not activate a "verizon exclusive" phone. they instead insist that you purchase one of theirs.  the 2 stars are for the aux port and battery life.  hope this helps.
was not conpatable with verison
this is not a verizon phone we went to verizon store and it is not compatable with verizon service!!!
was not unlocked i tried several times to get it to work did not open.
verizon exclusive phone but verizon wouldn't  activate.
i bought one of these at the verizon store and it has by i wide margin the worst interface i have ever encountered on a computerized device, the sd card slot can only be accessed through the use of a tiny specialized tool that seems to be designed to be easily lost, and i can't transfer files to or from my computer because the usb c port constantly loses connection. furthermore otterbox doesn't make a defender case for it (nor does any other company make an equivalent case), not that it matters since it doesn't have much functionality to lose.   i eventually put my sim card back in my old droid maxx
not unlocked for verizon
