great product!
this has been easily the best android phone i've owned to date. i chose the z line for the mods, and the play model in particular for the larger battery and headphone jack. i intended to purchase a battery mod for this phone first, but quickly found that the battery performance made such a purchase unwarranted. with moderate use i can get almost 3 full days off of a single charge; continuous use easily passes the 10 hour mark.  it was over a year before i purchased a mod for this phone, and only because verizon was offering the projector mod for free with the purchase of any other mod. i love both mods; they work great.  the only gripe i've had owning this phone is that the case manufacturers like to have cutouts over the mod contacts on the back of the phone. the reason for this is totally lost on me, as you have to remove any case in order to use the mods so this essentially only serves to expose the contacts to wear needlessly. this is by no means motorola's fault though, just a small annoyance as an owner of the phone.  even with the z2 line out, i think i'd still buy this phone again given that the z2 play has a smaller capacity battery.
very happy and love it
this phone has everything i could possibly want, and with the moto mods, it promises ever more! it's fast and reliable and the split screen view is so cool! i can text and watch videos at the same time, or sure the net or...darn near anything! screen resolution is bar none and the 16 megapixel back can is ridiculously powerful for a cell phone. i'm super excited to get the projector mod and the alexa speaker mod! phone accessories were never this cool! it beams into from one phone to another just by, "kissing," the phones together! so cool!
arrived in perfect condition, no complaints. as stated in the description, it will give you a notification every time you boot up that it's not a verizon sim card or whatever but yeah, everything works just fine. will update if something goes wrong.
i've had this phone for about 10 months now and i really like it.  the battery life is phenomenal.  i never have to worry about running out of battery during the day.  i don't even have to charge it nightly like every other phone i've ever owned.  also, when i do need to charge it, the fast charger that came with it is awesome.  it is also the most stable phone i've ever had.  i rarely have to reboot it. it's a very pure android experience with just a few motorola tweaks that make the phone better.  there aren't any laggy skins like you would get on a samsung phone.  the only reason i give it 4 stars instead of 5 is because the camera is pretty mediocre. it's especially disappointing compared to my old nexus 5x and my wife's pixel (1st gen).
awesome phone. fast, great connectivity after adjusting some settings. perfect.
i love everything about my phone. the seller was also amazing.
i bought this to use my google account and have a wifi-only phone with no mobile service, and it works perfectly in this capacity. it is a little bigger than i am used to for a phone, but the screen size really helps with video games/netflix, etc. a lot of reviews praise the battery life as the best ever, and it is really good, but i think some of those comments are a little bit overblown. i don't really have any interest in the motorola mods thing, so can't speak to that.  pros: -good battery life, not as insanely good as some reviews suggest. -affordable for what you get! -very fast! i am not running super intense video games or anything, but all the standard stuff is fast and reliable. -minimal bloatware -i guess where it is a little older, most of the accessories like cases for it are dirt cheap.  cons: -i am not a big fan of usb-c as i had to buy adapters for my micro usb cables and have one more thing to keep up with, but that is kind of where the standard is probably going, so not really this phone's fault. -i have a usb otg adapter that i cannot seem to get to work with this phone although otg is supposedly supported. the adapter works with my tablet which has a micro usb port, but when i hook it to this phone with a usb-c converter i verified works by itself, the phone doesn't seem to pick it up. i suspect this may be due to the c adapter and otg adapter not liking each other for some reason, so i bought a new usb-c otg cable that specifically lists this phone as supported and was only about $2, so hopefully that will resolve it, might report back later on that -you will have to have a case. the glass backing on this thing makes it slippery to hold without a case, so unless you are the least clumsy person ever, and always have an iron grip on everything, a case is almost mandatory. luckily as i said above, there are a lot of very cheap ones on amazon, but your wal-marts/best buys are not going to have any.  followup:  i realized the usb-c converters i bout had a diode in them for surge suppression, and that was preventing power from getting to the devices i was trying to plug into the phone via usb otg. the $2 usb-c to otg cable i bought works perfectly.  also discovered that even though there is no sim card, "cell standby" was consuming more battery power than anything else on the phone. apparently, it will continue to search for a sim card nonstop unless you put it in airplane mode and turn wifi (and bluetooth if needed) on after putting it in airplane mode. so i guess for others out there doing a wifi only phone, there is a free tip. the battery menu now says i have an estimated 5 days of battery life which, if true, would indeed be very impressive for a smartphone!
very nice phone
ridiculously good value. has an amazing large battery with great life.
easily the best android phone for anyone who doesn't want to shell out for a pixel. motorola's version of android is the best among manufacturers, and the battery life on this thing is worth the purchase alone.
i can't believe just how much phone i got for this price. the os is extremely intuitive and has no idiosyncrasies. screen quality is excellent, the camera is so good that i don't understand why an external camera module is made for it. it's just a great phone all-around.  incidentally i use this with straight talk.
if i am to rename this phone, it would be "moto z ... suprise!". as you notice in most of reviews, here and on youtube, people are surprised how good this phone is for its price, which makes it indeed a very good value. i am in the camp which switches more frequently between iphone and android, this time moving from a terrible iphone 6s experience back to android. i was so tired of the ios interface (dated, clumsier than android) and low battery life of the iphone, which was the original reason i bought it, that i was fiddling lately with my old nexus5. i wished i would have that with just better battery and camera experience. and i found it in this phone.  the positive surprises for me are: - better camera than i expected from some reviews. the 16mp makes a big difference, and in my view compensates for other on-paper minuses. i used this phone in a recent vacation in caribbean and the images are just phenomenal. - better in person than in pictures. i believe motorola found the right form factor in this phone. i was looking the other day side by side vs galaxy s7 and to me this looks better (i may be biased). this phone speaks "i mean business". - better display than expected. i just love the colors and contrast and in general the balance. it is unbelievable bright at max brightness. iphone 6s was just a shame in sunlight, compared with this thing. moto looks decent side by side vs a wqxga gs7 panel. - moto gestures: no gimmick, very useful and straightforward - fingerprint is extremely fast and reliable  the positives that hold true as expected: - battery life: this is truly awesome. spending a full day taking pictures and movies on a remote island and coming back to the hotel with 43% of battery is hard to believe. this was the main selling point for me. - usability: we are in an age when the mid tier of products in many areas, from smartphones to cars, deliver an experience that suits 95% of the usage modes. i would make a parallel between this phone and a honda accord in this regard. the value of the combined price and experience trumps branding. - sw updates so far: android 7, very stable  i encourage to buy this phone with confidence if this is your price bracket.
im loving this so far, the phone is great, battery life can last such a long time, literally i've had it on hardcore usage for almost 24 hours and the battery finally gave up... and i was downloading stuff nonstop, also i received the phone with the latest android nougat and got an update as soon as i started it, the design is really premium, not that heavy on the hands, the camera is really good and the screen is top notch... the only weaker point for me is the speaker wich is a little weak on volume and when you get it all the way up has a kind of distorted sound.  nevertheless, hands down the best phone i've ever had... this review was made based on a 24h use, the phone was bought "like new" from amazon warehouse and it came pristine, no signs of use and with most of the accesories inside the original box, the only thing missing was the little sim tray ejector tool. (i cant "verify" my purchase as i got this from outside the us with an external online buying service)  definitely recommended!
love the screen size,camera,fingerprint sensor and the fact that now when i go to work and use it all day i don't have to come home and immediately charge my phone because battery life is great.
performs as expected. bigger than my previous moto x, but that's what i wanted, so no complain there. all other features are standard. the battery is amazing though, could last for days with normal usage. i use my phone a lot, including syncing from multiple email accounts, many push notifications...but i so far haven't had the need to charge it during the day. bottom line is you cannot find a better phone under $400.
this phone is a great phone. period. there's normally something about a phone that's a nuisance, this phone - none of that. great batter life, screen is beautiful, and the price is great.
i recently upgraded from a samsung galaxy s3. this phone is amazing.  the moto z play is quick and has phenomenal battery life (~2 days with regular use).  one great feature is the ability to quickly open the flashlight and camera with different movements of the wrist.  finally, i just got this phone back from an amusement park where it was lost for 2 extremely hot and humid days after falling out of my pocket while riding a roller coaster. the only damage was to the optional back cover.  in summary, great battery life, fast processor, extremely user friendly, and it won't break when dropped.
it really exceeded my expectations, both in form and function. it's not a high-spec device, but it feels very well built, and it looks and feels like a high end device.  full reviews and tech specs have been done on phone specific websites so i won't regurgitate the same info again, but i will say that battery life and build quality greatly exceeded my expectations.
the photos i provided are outdoors with shade, and indoors under artificial light for anyone curious about camera quality. i find it's hdr to be of exceptional quality, surely deserving of flagship comparisons. the battery is indeed as people have claimed it to be, and after about 1 and 1/2 weeks of use, i can assure anyone that no matter your level of usage, from 8am to 8pm you won't even be worrying about topping up, unless you're using 3d gaming for more than 4 hours. i bought this phone in order to have my end all-be all for the next 3 years, and so far i'm definitely finding that to be the case. i did benchmarks on about every tool there is, and found that even attempting a battery benchmark (20% of battery) would have me hung up for at least several hours!!!! tasking is smooth, despite it's generally middle of the road scores, and i've never seen any sort of stutter in anything. i use this machine to play pokemon go, and if i so chose, i could run that game with this device for hours on end, while many other devices struggle to hold a charge. the speaker quality is a slightly mixed bag, i find that i love the placement but the top two notches on media volume have you losing some general audio quality. talk quality and antenna strength is exceptional, as i was able to pick up some signal in a hotel lower level, while others sometimes could not. charging times? you'll never have this phone stuck on the charger (provided) for even 2 hours. make sure to buy a usb c cable for data syncing.  performance 4/5, scores fairly below most other flagships in benchmark scores battery life 6/5, outperforms absolutely every other mobile device on the market currently, (even the moto x power, yes.) if benchmark estimates are to be believed camera 4/5, have trouble taking low light images, and stabilization could be better. incredible xeon flash makes up for losses, can take 4k video!!!! build quality 5/5, may vary. huge phone for some, i have big hands so phablets feel natural in my hands. for contract, i can one hand carry and operate the nvidia shield k1 so this is very comfortable. phone has a nice chromium plastique finish on the edges, and feels and looks premium where it needs to. antenna band is never ever obstructive. display 4/5, but personally i think 1440p (or otherwise called qhd) does not belong on any screen under 10 inches. (i have a 1080p laptop, and it never disappoints me with a 17.3 inch display.) color does diminish greatly on lowest brightness but that's for optimizing the display more than anything. only noticable on low light images. overall: 5/5 just can't say any of it's shortcomings are going to detract. the battery life excellence and performance compromises for that are nothing short of incredible. i feel like this phone will last me and will last upon me for the coming 3 years.
everything was perfect and according to details provided by seller. 4g works perfectly in argentina.
it is an awesome android phone with a long battery life.
best phone i have ever had.  the battery is truly fantastic.  although i don't game or watch movies on it (but would be very capable), i run our business on it.  first phone i have had that makes it through an entire day --and ends with 50% battery left.  the screen feel is amazing, the size is fantastic, especially for the new split screen feature of 7.0.  this is the third moto phone i've had... love these because they are fast, well made, and have very little junk.  true android.  fairly timely release updates.  but the battery--wow.  i bought a turbo charger for the car and have only needed it once.  during a week long car trip, we used my phone as a hotspot, for navigation, and to stream music all at the same time for hours every day --plus phone calls, email, and texts, of course.  then just needed to charge at bed time.  incredible.  and storage!! with two card slots!! con?  well its big.  bigger then moto x 2nd gen.  it feels great in hand and is easy to operate with one hand. and for some reason, i seem to be dropping it less then my other phones.  so maybe bigger is better? (sorry, i couldn't resist)  but i did have to replace my purses.  i use a small cross body purse style so i can keep my phone, wallet, and keys safe and hands free to work around the docks (sailing school ecsailing)... but this phone does not fit in them.  had to search for new purse that would work well in my situation and fit the phone.  took some time, but it was worth the search.
best phone i've ever owned.  and i purchase a new phone every two years or so.  the battery life is amazing!  2 to 3 days per charge with moderate to heavy use.  the look, feel, and operation of the phone is absolutely top notch!  fingerprint scanner works flawlessly.  my only gripe is that there aren't any really nice cases for the moto z play.  had to settle for a simple one.
loved it great phone. had to return because verizon claimed they could not activate it through their service. this is an error on their part as originally they told me it would not be an issue. the phone worked perfectly and arrived in perfect condition. fyi for verizon customers, you have to buy verizon's of the phone. i spent three days back and forth between my local verizon store and verizon it trying to get it to work tried 3 different sim cards etc. they ended up telling me it wasn't possible after three days of promising it would work.
fantastic phone, battery life and speed are the biggest positives. fingerprint scanner is better than any other i've used, it's fast and easy. camera is great, good size for me. everything else is par, no negatives
likes: fast processor clean ui immediately upgraded to android 7.0 sharp photos and quick focus great battery life - easily gets thru whole day turbo charger really charges to 80 in 1 hour usb-c port is a major improvement on micro usb immediately paired with bluetooth takes micro-sd card for expansion memory  dislikes: heavy (but knew that coming in) non-replacable battery (but knew that going in) nano sim  i am not the type of person who needs to have the latest and greatest. when my samsung galaxy note 3 died comma i first bought and used an lg g3, but found that the placement of the on/off switch and volume buttons was really awkward and difficult to use. additionally, it seemed as if the signal strength for both cellular service and bluetooth was less than i had been used to. i decided to replace that phone comma and first purchased and asus zenfone 3 laser. that phone was nothing short of a disaster. between a bloated interface that became extremely difficult to use, performance which immediately began to deteriorate, and call quality which mysteriously began to deteriorate within one month of purchasing the phone, i decided that enough was enough. i returned the zenfone 3 and went to look for another phone.  the moto z play is currently on sale because it has been superseded by a newer model, the moto z play 2. from what i read, the new battery size has been decreased for reasons that seem inexplicable.  this is not a flagship phone. well though it has an octa-core processor, it is not the top level qualcomm snapdragon series eight. unless you are a dedicated gamer, however, you probably will not notice any issues. i have viewed numerous videos already with this phone and see no issue of lag time or other performance-related matters. since i am not a gamer, this doesn't concern me.  the phone is somewhat heavier than the newest, latest and greatest. it has a 3200 milliamp battery comma which puts it at the higher end of most cell phones. with a very pared-down, almost pure android (so i am told) interface, it runs very quickly. there does not seem to be any lag between touching a button and executing an app.  as with other aspects of this phone, the screen does not have the brightness and density of a super amoled screen such as you would find on the samsung galaxy 8. unless you are a photographer, i defy you to point out the differences in doors. it is possible that outdoors in bright light this baby noticeable. however comma there are few if any phones which can provide adequate viewing in the brightest sunlight. this is just the nature of led screens.  i did not find the screen to be dull at all comma and it produces excellent colors and blacks for viewing videos and like.  the camera has more software features than many of the stripped-down cameras that you find in the number of the cell phone products available. i found that the focusing was faster than the asus zenfone that i recently got rid of, notwithstanding that it touted it's laser focusing system. the pictures appear to be very crisp and clear and although i have not taken pictures indoors yet, i am very satisfied with this camera.  the entire z series takes the so-called moto mods, which are a unique feature of expansion and add-on available only on motorola phones. of the ones which are currently available, the only two that interest me are the hasselblad camera add-on and the additional battery pack. as i've noted already, however, the battery life here seems to be satisfactory, as does the basic camera. i may have war on this as i continue to use it.  given that the new top line phones are running between 800 and $1,000 comma being able to purchase this phone at approximately $250 was, i think, a major steel. even the new model should come in at under $400. i would strongly recommend this phone to anybody.
the phone looks pretty good. but usb cable is not there, earphones are not there. i am not happy especially that usb cable is not there and it was not mentioned in the product description. i really needed that and now i will have to order separately. also, the style shell is defective (bent outwards) and does not fit the backside of the phone properly (shown in the photo)
this phone is phenomenal. best android i have ever had, and i have had a lot. it's very fast, awesome battery life, great pure android experience, and the selfie flash is a nice touch. will be checking out moto phones first from now on. returning my lg g6 to t-mobile.
be warned this is a heavy phone, but the battery life is fantastic.
great item, thank you.
great quality, great price. good performance. excellent battery life. i love android in it's most pure state available.
this is an awesome phone.  it's my first motorola phone after using the nexus phones and i like how motorola added a few nice touches without messing up the basic android functionality.  the battery life is phenomenal and performance is great.  the fingerprint sensor works very quickly and reliably.  my only complaint is the motorola nagging screen for upgrading android versions which it doesn't seem that you can remove.
the phone itself seems great and the battery life is excellent. i charged it up to 100% and used it throughout the day and then didn't charge it at night just to see how it was doing. 1 day and 2 hours later i was at 15% with 5 hours left.  downside is that the style shell included in mine was bent and didn't fit on the back of the phone properly. amazon will not simply replace parts and they will require you to send the entire phone back for a full replacement. so it is advisable to check this before setting up the new phone.
great phone plus battery life best on any phone. i will put this phone against any flagship. try it you can always get refund if not satisfied.
very impressive battery life! response is pretty fast too.
i'm no phone reviewer, so this will be pretty jumbled. i've owned quite a few devices over the years, from cheap-o tracfone devices all the way to a few iphones, a nexus 5x (rip), and several others. this is by far the best device i own.  it might be helpful for me to qualify the type of usage i have. i'm on my device relatively often throughout the day, but never doing anything really intensive. social media, emails, occasional video watching, browsing the web, sports tracking, and some games. games are fire emblem: heroes and scramble with friends.  size: the phone is pretty beastly. i came to this from the honor 5x, which i felt was too big. the mzp is bigger. it's wide, it's long, it's thick, and it's hefty. 5.5" is really too large for the 'normal' phone size imo. 5" really is the sweet spot for my medium-sized hands. if thing phones are your thing, you'll probably want to look elsewhere. it isn't distractingly large, but it's thicker than average and has a substantial camera bump.  build quality: i was extremely impressed by this. i mentioned that it feels hefty, but i like it. the metal ring around the outside is pleasing to the touch, so much so that i no longer use the case i bought with it. the glass back gives off a premium feel, but that comes at the cost of tons of finger smudges. i purchased a moto style shell to snap on the back. it gives it a unique look, adds the extra protection, and smooths out the back with the camera bump. sure, it's a bit thicker, but well worth the trade-off. on that note, the device looks great, though a bit boring. the camera bump is a bit strange, but i don't look at that side of the camera too often anyhow.  os: the mzp was updated to android nougat 7.0 in early march, and since has also received the march security patch. if timely, up-to-date os software is key for you, motorola is not going to work. they're just slow. however, short of a pixel/nexus (and maybe nokia now?), this is the closest to a 'stock' version of android you will find. the inclusions made by moto are great and actually add to the experience. the actions in particular, i find myself using often, most specifically twisting to open the camera and chop twice for flashlight. they work seamlessly. short of that, the interface is about what you'd find on a google device. the default launcher is the google now launcher, but i switched over to nova launcher. i have trouble using the device one-handed, so the gestures in nova help minimize the inconvenience.  screen: the 1080p is perfect for my use, but i was also plenty happy with the 720p screen on my blu studio hd i.e. i'm not picky. i do love having the amoled screen vs an lcd, if for nothing else than the deeper blacks. i don't care about it enough for it to be a deciding factor, but it's firmly under 'nice to have'. the mzp can struggle a bit in direct sunlight, but generally, it's fairly usable. the 5.5" unit has bright colors that are not overly saturated, and displays in the classic 16:9 aspect ratio, which means your favorite videos will take up the entire screen.  performance: the moto z play is powered by a snapdragon 625 processor and 3gb of ram. as mentioned, i don't do anything graphically challenging. my tasks are not demanding on the hardware. that being said, this thing flies. i cannot notice any difference between this and the nexus 5x, which ran on a snapdragon 808. in fact, i've noticed fewer hangups, especially when exiting apps. will it open apps as quickly as a galaxy s7/s8? nope. but hey, i can wait a few extra seconds and spend half the cash. so let me state this simply: this phone performs about as well as any flagship model device i've ever played around with (nexus 5x, iphone se, galaxy s7, honor 8). if you're a productivity user or just a general user who doesn't play many games, this thing will knock it out of the park for you.  battery life: admit it, this is why you're here. it's why i'm here. i'm writing this review having unplugged my phone at 6:43 a.m. it's currently 9:08 a.m. my battery is at 88% and has 1 hour 10 minutes of screen on time so far. i know that's not a great universal standard (see above for my usage. i've also been doing a lot of downloading with the screen off). however, that means this phone is cruising towards 10 hours sot today. that's just ridiculous. this phone does not quit. if you've ever needed a phone that just went all day long, you need the moto z play. plus it's turbo charging capable, meaning that if you someone are a battery demon who burns through your massive battery life during the day before going out at night, you can fully charge up in about 90 minutes. i really can't say enough.  camera: meh. it's great when you have lots of light. it shoots video in 4k. it has a slow-mo. it struggles in low-light. it's pretty average. i'm kind of a camera snob because of my professional work, so i don't put a ton of stock into the camera on phones. it's a step-up from the honor 5x, it's a step-down from the nexus 5x and iphone se. it's fine for me, since all i use it for is taking snaps of my kids. if you care a lot about picture quality, you'll be disappointed. if you just want something for occasional snapshots and selfies, you'll be content.  others: -nfc works great with android pay. -it has a headphone jack! no courage necessary. -it uses usb-c. -you have 3 buttons: 2 volume buttons and a textured power button. -front-facing flash for selfies/looking like a tool at the club. -100% moto mods capable. i haven't purchased any because i don't want to buy a phone-specific accessory for that much money.  one thing to note: i get somewhat worse reception on at&t on this phone than on previous ones. now, this might be because i just switched to tracfone from consumer cellular and lost roaming/extended network, but i frequently am running into dead spots in my house that i never had before. ymmv.  overall, i'm extremely satisfied with this device and is doubtlessly my favorite phone i've ever owned. if you're looking for a day-to-day phone that lasts all day (maybe 2 days if you're a light user!) and is perfectly capable at everything else, this is right up your alley.
update november 2017: could not be more pleased with how this phone has performed over time. i have the original jbl speaker mod, which is great for phone calls -- for music, i mostly use chromecast to full-size speakers.  also have the kate spade version of the incipio battery pack (it was actually cheaper) for those times when i need to extend the already excellent battery life.  the camera doesn't rank with an iphone or pixel, but it takes decent shots, and i like the phone so much, i would probably buy a nice point-and-shoot before thinking about getting a new phone. i'm really spoiled by the moto gestures, and i like the moto voice (so i don't have to say hey google), so it would be hard to "upgrade" to another brand.  original review: i've had the phone for about 6 weeks and have been thoroughly pleased with speed, ease of use, connectivity, and call quality, which were my biggest concerns. it never balks or lags, and the battery life is as amazing as reviews have indicated. i wasn't expecting too much from the camera, but it's very good, and i've been really surprised by how well some of the low-light photographs have turned out.  i especially love the moto gestures -- so quick to bring up the camera (it was a really painful process with my old samsung note 2) and i found i like waving my hand over the screen to check notifications better than having an annoying blinking light.  i also love that with the moto voice i can pick my own wake-up phrase instead of using "ok google."  i found a good price on the white jbl speaker mod and while it isn't fabulous for music, it makes it a lot easier to use the phone as a very portable tv or as a speaker phone. the white one actually looks nice with this black phone.  i have two of the cimo cases that cover the connectors on the back and really like them -- most cases leave those exposed, even though you have to take the case off to use a mod.
this is an amazing phone for the money. very quick. you won't notice a difference between this phone and the flagships in terms of performance unless you're really pushing it. the build quality is amazing for the price and the moto mods seem to be worth their price as well too.  what really sets this phone apart is the battery life which is the main draw i had to purchasing this device and i'm not disappointed. i don't think about battery life ever when i use my phone now. i used this phone to stream music on a 10 hour car ride i started mid day. i then stayed overnight at a hotel after a wedding and drove back home another 10 hours while streaming music all on one charge with 20 percent battery remaining by the end of the day. on most normal days i'm left with 80 percent remaining before i go to bed. i have never owned a phone that can do this. i'd go as far to say even if i was offered a google pixel or the latest samsung galaxy for free i would not switch from this moto all because the battery life is a life changer. once it really kicks in that you no longer have to baby your phone's battery life, and your phone can go 3 days without a charge, you will understand why you won't compromise for any other device.
the first thing you may think when you see this phone is that it costs as much as other higher end options such as the honor 8, axon 7, oneplus 3t, etc. however specs are not everything. while this phone does only have a snapdragon 625 (and most others use a 820 or equivalent) it gets the job done. i have tried to make this device lag by opening 20 chrome tabs, play spotify and play games such as hearthstone in dual window mode. i could not make this phone lag! the battery life is also incredible. while other devices in the same price range only get around 1 day battery life this one easily gets 2 days of life with around 8 hours screen on time. very underrated device that should be considered
best battery life in the market. incredible phone, except for the camera.
well aren't we spoiled now?  i really am struggling with trying to write this review objectively because i've become such a huge fan of it. i was worried about what would happen to motorola following the acquisition by lenovo, and when i first saw the standard moto z, sans 3.5mm jack, i thought my days with the moto brand were over.  but then they launched the z play, a slightly toned down version of the standard z, but with a 3.5 mm jack and the best battery life of any smartphone i have ever owned. after looking over the site after site gushing about both the battery and overall user performace, i pulled the trigger.  (minor) cons: i'll get the cons out of the way first, since they are minimal, and really are only worth mentioning to give someone the best idea if this phone is a fit for them.  the camera is pretty poor, but motorola has always failed to deliver a quality camera, so my expectations were tempered coming in. it is also little disappointing that motorola has started slowing down their software rollout. it took a solid 7 months for us user to get the nougat android update, and i'm not confident that motorola will continue to support the phone through android o, which would be a shame, since motorola used to be the only company you could reliably count on for software updates outside of the nexus line.  pros:  what we get in the box is a 5.5 in amoled 1080p display, down from the quadhd in the standard z and z force, but still perfectly acceptable for 2017. (seriously, we're getting to the point where pixel density is starting to become irrelevant). colors pop with that over-saturated look that comes with amoled, and it's a significant improvement from last years x pure that was, stupidly, running an lcd panel that killed the battery.  the play is running snapdragon's newly touted, power-sipping 625 chip, and let me tell you, this thing is optimized. never in the real world do i experience any slow down in my day-to-day usage. apps load in and out quickly, there's no lag or stuttering when scrolling, and it's handled any game i've been able to throw at it honorably. i'm not a huge gamer, so i don't have the biggest library to pull from, but the rayman titles, and pokemon go ran without issue. speaking of pokemon go, this phone will still last a day without problems even with heavy pogo playing, it's wizardry i say!  the finger-print scanner is the most responsive i've used but is kinda weird, in that it's placed exactly where you would expect a home button to be, but it does not act as a home button, only a lock/unlock button. you get used to it really quick, but expect to inadvertently lock your phone a few times the first week you have it.(not that it's a problem because the fingerprint scanner is the best i've seen so you'll be able to unlock it again instantly)  the moto experience is just like it's been on moto's of the past, stock android with only some slight software tweaks that improve the overall android experience without adding gigs of bloat to the build. moto display is still hear, and functions exactly as it did on previous moto flagships. wave your hand over the device, or pick it up, and the display activates a minimal screen that displays notifications which you can read through and act on without unlocking the phone. think a display that does what a smart watch does, but on the lock screen. gestures also work the same, two quick twists of the phone opens the camera app, two chops turns on the flash light. you can program the phone to activate google now with any key-phrase you want, and it will launch even if the phone is locked.  all these things add to the android experience, but they can easily be disabled, and they aren't thrown in in a way that clashes with the stock android design.  the big "innovation" this year are the mods, and while they are cool, they really aren't the feature that sold me on the phone. the battery pack is nice, and with it the play can last up to 3 days without needing to be plugged in (it's almost like we're back in the early 00s!!!) but apart from maybe campers, or outdoor enthusiast, i don't really know if you'll ever find yourself in a situation where you would be without a charge for 3 days. but apart from questionable real-world applications, the mods themselves function exactly as advertised. slap it on and the phone recognizes it instantly, pull it off and the phone doesn't bat an eye. the integration of the mods is seamless, even if the mods themselves aren't particularly compelling (yet, i'll be interested to see the gamepad mod).  and now onto the battery-life. man is the battery life on this thing killer. on days with moderate usage, i can easily pass 36 hours before needing a recharge, on heavy, heavy days with maps running a lot, and playing pokemon go, i'm still going to bed around 1 a.m. each night with about 25% left on the charge. i no longer panic if i forget my charger when i go to work, and i don't have to adjust my usage habits to make the battery last the day. it's going to last the day. the question then becomes will it also last the next day. it's seriously something that needs to be experienced, especially after years of having phones that need a top-off mid-day.  and so there we are, it doesn't have the absolute highest-specs on the market, but for the vast majority of users, this is going to perform above and beyond what you are looking for. the battery-life alone makes this worth serious consideration, but beyond that you have an incredibly smooth and stable android build and it's nice to see that motorola has been able to maintain it's software philosophy even after getting folded into lenovo. don't sleep on this one.
i've had this phone a little less than a week so this is not comprehensive. just wanted to share a few thoughts.  the battery on this phone is a real beast. i have gone 1.5 days+ without needing a charge. matter of fact, i have not had the battery below 40% at any point in the 5 days of use so i will need to make a point of running it down here, soon.  the phone is a little larger than i anticipated. if you are expecting something akin to nexus 5 or lg g5  in size, take another look at the dimensions. it is more akin to the lg v10 in size and weight.  this phone is made by lenovo. they had some privacy concern reports late last year with some of their laptop models. had i known this i may have done a bit more research.  phone feels a little less modern than what is coming out today from samsung and apple, but with the cost savings i feel it can be overlooked and still a nice slim, unique looking device overall.
no damages or issues charger works great no issues so far only complaint is it does not come with headphones and the mods are just about as expensive as the phone
i was using this phone and comparing it with my oneplus 3t. here's how i'll break it down:  battery - incredible. hands down, the best battery life i've ever had on an android smartphone. we're talking 7-8 hours of screen on time software - very fluid experience. unless you're a 3d gamer, you would never know the difference from this and a high-end snapdragon 820/821 chip. well done, motorola (i mean, lenovo) form factor - bezels are a bit too big for my liking. finger print scanner does not double as a home button, which is disappointing. camera bulge is pretty big, but sits flush if you use the provided snap cover. i don't like thick phones, so i would prefer not to use the snap cover. mods - extremely well thought out and innovative. i used the projector mod, which was very nice to watch movies while traveling. the included wooden-look back cover however did not seem to sit perfectly flush, which was a minor disappointment.  overall, this is a great phone with killer battery life and a great software package. if you are not picky about the bezels and you are fine with using on-screen nav buttons, then go for it!
great battery life and good speed
i've now had this phone for the better part of four weeks. i upgraded from lg's nexus 5, which was a little over two years old when i was thoroughly sick of charging my phone three times a day.  i use my smartphones heavily. before this year, i was a web developer. now, i'm in law school and out of the house upwards of 14 hours a day. i use public transportation, so my ability to charge things on the go is very limited. additionally, i hate not having charge on my phone, because i'm always wary of running into strange dangerous people on the train at 10pm and needing to call the police. hasn't happened yet, but you never know.  so my nexus went almost entirely dead after 4-5 hours of continuous use, and that was only if i turned off gps and all streaming. it was a continual burden on my daily life to plan my day around how long my phone would last, and if i could get to a plug and recharge.  the new phone was technically an impulse buy. my old nexus still functioned. one day, i was just so irrationally mad when i heard my phone going dead thirty minutes from my train stop that it basically ruined my entire day. like i said, not rational, but it was the straw that broke the camel's back. i was just simply 100% done with futzing around with a phone that served little purpose other than annoying me.  motivated entirely by frustration with my battery life, i bought the phone i could find with the largest battery that cost under $500. why $500? because i can't justify spending more on a phone than i'd spend on a laptop. so the samsungs and the google pixel was out. also, i hate large screen phones anyway.  i usually research the features, if the phone can be used internationally, how powerful the processors are, and all sorts of techy stuff like that. i was so frustrated by the lack of battery life on my old phone that i realized that i really don't need a huge processor to play tetris while listening to pandora on the train, so long as i can listen to pandora, play tetris, and still have a phone with charge at 9pm.  long and short of it, i have no idea what the tech specs on this phone are. honestly, i don't care. it works, and that's all i need. this is highly unusual for me, because i build pcs for fun and worked in tech for the better part of a decade. anyway, here's the specs you should care about when it comes to this phone:  <ul><li>i charge this once: at night, by my bed. i use my phone all day, and it lasts all day. i've yet to run the battery below 30%.</li> <li>it has fingerprint locking. this was a feature that i found fairly useless until i actually had it. the lock also doubles as a quick way to shut the screen off. some reviews mention that they find it annoying and mistake it for a home button. i haven't had that problem.</li> <li>if set correctly, the screen will turn itself on and display the time if you wave your hand near it. again, a feature i didn't think i would care about until it proved to be extremely useful when i just need the time, and nothing else.</li> <li>the screen is 5.5". this is, by far, the biggest phone i've ever had. with that size (and the size of the battery), it makes this a pretty heavy and thick phone. if you care about the weight of your phone, you probably shouldn't get this phone. although i can't imagine who cares about the size of their phones anymore.</li> <li>motorola has surprisingly little bloatware. i haven't had a phone manufactured by motorola since the '90s, so this was news to me. i hate bloatware, so i really appreciated this.</li> <li>the moto z line (this is the cheapest of that line) have the ability to install mods. i don't care about that because i have a bluetooth speaker and an actual camera and have no need to turn my phone into one. however, it lets you install custom backplates and this one extremely useful mod: an expanded battery.</li> <li>however, the battery life on this phone is so long that i haven't actually purchased the battery expansion. i fully expected that i would have to, but it's never been an issue.</li> <li>in fact, i've never purchased an additional charging cord other than the one that came with the phone. i hated that i would have to throw out all my micro-usb cords and get the new usb-c ones, but that hasn't happened. i have exactly one cord: by my bed, and that's the only time i charge the phone. it hasn't gone dead yet.</li> <li>i love usb-c and turbo-charging. jamming the cord into the phone upside down and not realizing it until i flipped it three times was something i just a nuisance i accepted about life. this is no longer a part of my life. it is surprisingly glorious.</li> <li>i know have i seven bullets about the battery life, but seriously, everyone, the battery life on this is insane.</li> <li>whatever is under the hood is powerful enough that i haven't noticed any glitches or hiccups that you'd see in lower-end phones that can't cope with new apps.</li> <li>if you hate messing with bluetooth, gps, and wifi settings to turn them off because it drains your battery, this phone has such great battery that it doesn't matter. i leave them on 24/7 to connect with my car and every and all passing wi-fi network, and i still have plenty of battery at the end of the day.</li> <li>the screen is bright and looks good. it comes with that auto-brightening feature that turns the contrast up to 11 if you like that sort of thing. honestly, i hate it, so i turned it off immediately.</li> <li>there's no strange lips or corners on the phone that are prone to snagging or look like they'd shatter if you dropped it. i'm not in the habit of abusing my phones, but i do appreciate the sturdiness.</li> <li>the overall aesthetics of the phone are pretty solid. i've gotten compliments from people i know have $900 iphones. i personally don't care about what my smartphone looks like, so long as it works, but it's a classy looking phone, if that's your thing.</li></ul>  i seriously didn't realize how annoyed i was on a daily basis by the lack of battery longevity on my smartphone. i didn't properly conceptualize how many years i had been coping with smartphones with terrible battery life. i just accepted that going through chargers like socks and monopolizing plugs at the airport and every starbucks was a part of life. i don't do that anymore. i don't even think about it.  really, this phone has really improved the quality of my life. i'm ashamed that we, as a nation of consumers, have accepted shoddy batteries in cell phones for so long.
great phone. now and then you can find this gem at a better price. overall great phone with mass storage capability. we were an iphone only family until i became annoyed at iphone's pathetic built in only storage. we ditched the apple's, ditched the big "v", and gave republic wireless a try. (a completely different review)  ehemmm. better phone. better price. the battery on this phone is insanely long lasting. it also charges so fast!  it's impressive!  a snappy interface, great screen great camera, and wow, customize the sparks out of it.  if you are considering an unlocked android phone, then a recommendation from a former iphone addict may help you feel at ease.  the learning curve was small. go for it. resale value on these is very good.  i do not - and not planning to buy any of the "mods" for the phone. i just don't need the bulk or clutter. "gadgets" are cumbersome to me.
very nice phone
thanks to an opening day salvo of price reduction and 6 months free service, i was easily enticed into moving into their new 3.0 service away from 2.0 and sprint. love this amazing phone almost as much as my 1st generation moto x. battery lasts easily between 1-2 full days of use. turbo charger adds 9 hours in just 15 minutes. already had 2 major software updates. android nougat 7.0 now. fingerprint scanner works easily. stored multiple fingers. not sure about such a novelty. anker quick charge usb 3.0 car charger $29.99. 1*3.0 usb-c port and 3*usb 2.0 ports. make sure your fusebox can  handle the load. anker powerline usb -c combo $7.99 including usb-c to usb-a 3.0 cable & usb-c to usb-c 2.0 cable. seems relatively indestructible compared to multiple generations of moto x. states incompatible with moto z but is flawless and fast with moto z play. don't forget a sandisk 200gb micro sd card. most other phones top out at 128gb. good work motorola and lenovo. great phone. republic wireless service with 1gb data and unlimited talk & text  only $20.
edit:  that was unfair, i was annoyed when i wrote it, this really is an awesome phone, best i've owned including a past iphone.  5 stars.  i love motorola, and i love this phone for the most part, but....  why in tarnation did you make the sim card so difficult to deal with??  it is so difficult to get that tray out, motorola decided they'd be different from all other phone manufacturers and make it super thin.  paper clips, safety pins, no, those are all too thick to change out your sim card.  friends of mine keep their phone tool handy, nope, that's too thick.  only the original tool from motorola works, or something super skinny and strong.
good phone, no phone bloatware. decent price.
the moto z play, a stylish phone with great battery life!  always running low on battery?  the moto z play is your answer!  they didn't skimp on the rest of the phone either!  the specs of the phone is great, but not awesome, the processor in the moto z play also helps it conserve battery sporting the qualcomm snapdragon 625 processor running at a clock speed on 2ghz with 3gb of ram, i do wish motorola gave the moto z play 4gb of ram as i am averaging 1.7gb of ram... that's almost 2/3rd of the total ram.  also this device is able to support up to 2tb of external storage....  that's crazy, as i think that the micro sd cards we have now 200+gb is way more than enough for a smartphone.  this phone is great, if you need more battery life this is for you, i have the battery pack moto mod too which is an extra 3000mah almost doubling the battery life.  this will be very helpful for people that have limited access to outlets to charge your phone.  i work security... so you know i have a lot of free time when people aren't getting crazy, and i'm on my phone when all is quiet, playing games and on social media, when i got home from my shift i was still at 80% battery...  and the moto z play didn't even need to use the battery pack moto mod.
pleasantly surprised at the quality of this phone for the money!
i am coming from samsung and lg phones.  this phone will change the way you look at your phone.  in the past, every time i went to use my phone, i would do a quick mental calculation, how much battery do i have, what time is it, what may i want to do with my phone later, then i would decide whether to use the phone.  i frequently checked to make sure background apps were shut, i could frequently find my phone with 30-40 percent less battery than i expected because i forgot to close the camera app or a game.  with the moto z play, i feel like i couldn't run this thing down in a day if i tried. i don't need to shut down apps and there is always enough battery.  if i am too busy to spend a lot of time on my phone, i'll end the day with 70-80% charge left.  crazy!  screen looks great, plenty bright to use during hikes.  i really missed the amoled screen when i was using an lg. i appreciate they returned the microphone jack to this model. sound is good. i frequently listen to text-to-speech books, for some reason the synthetic voice sounds significantly better on this phone. we mostly take pics outside, and they look great.  indoor pictures are as good as my previous flagship phones. phone operates smoothly, i haven't noticed a difference from flagship phone i have owned in the past. we live in the mountains, phone signal strength is equal or better than other phones i have owned in the past. i case all my phones.  i was a little worried about the bezels but it handles great and doesn't feel too large. some of the moto mods that may come out in the future look interesting. gps is quick and accurate. i'm not sure if i could go back to a phone without moto gestures, i use them all the time now. fingerprint scanner is lightning fast and directly opens the phone, literally less than a second from locked phone to last app you were using. the moto z play never gets hot, i think my lg cpu desoldered itself from heat, it died just after the warranty expired. google assistant is present and very helpful.  i think you might like this phone.  a few things i wished were present:  finger print scanner gestures.  the finger print scanner will lock and unlock the phone and will bring up onscreen controls buttons when they are hidden, but i am a little jealous of the new moto g5 finger print gestures. i used the barometric pressure sensor on my old phones to get my elevation when in the back country, a hand full of people might miss this. i also occasionally used my old phone to control my tv when the kids will wander off with the remote, l may miss having the ir port on this phone at some point, however, this may come with a future moto mod (along with rf controls).
probably the best phone you can buy in the $300-$450 range.
love it even more than my samsung galaxy's. up to this point it is by far the best phone that i have ever owned and i go back to bag phones. price point is also an excellent selling point for this device, when a person considers everything the moto z has built-in to it.
but so far, nice phone, perfect condition
unreal battery life. started using it (videos, texts, map navigation, etc) since the morning with full charge and ended with 70% at night. charging is super fast. decent processing speed and camera. full hd resolution. truly a hidden gem. best bang for the buck.
absolutely love this phone enough to post a review on it!! its just amazing.
it has a minor design flaw, even saying that maybe is too harsh, let's just say it could use an improvement. is the kind of things that made me think "you are just this close to being great, why did you stopped there? why didn't you do that and be the best phone i could ever want?".  the thing is: the fingerprint "lock" button is just that, a lock button. being something that could've been used to finally remove the menu button in android along with all the navigation bar (the one in the bottom, with the home, back and overview buttons). but nope. you end up having kind of two "home buttons" one next to the other, but the physical one only locks and unlocks the screen (and you have a third one that only opens the menu, but that's another thing). the iphone has a fingerprint lock, and yet it uses one button for all those things. i'm saying, now that the technology is out there, having a setting in the android codebase to turn the bar on and off and use a physical button for that in the case the phone can support it, doesn't sound so hard. it's not even a hardware issue, this could be solved in the next os update. my critic is mostly to android, not the phone. but this phone makes this flaw look so obvious that is hard to miss.  don't misunderstand me, the phone is great, it's the best phone you can buy for that money and more. the battery life is what you've been waiting for 3+ days without a recharge. the speed is excellent, the camera is great, and with that resolution you can store the photos for free in google photos without any compression. the screen, the size, the weight, it's just perfect. and i'm not even using it at its full potential as i don't own any mod yet.
the moto z play (unlocked) is easily the best phone for me. it definitely beats my moto x pure which i loved and it beats my iphones that are gathering dust now. it has everything that i want and more. style? this phone looks good without a moto style shell but it really looks amazing when you put on the moto style shells like the black leather, silver oak, charcoal ash or red ballistic nylon. i actually have these 4 moto style shells. very stylish and unique design that is different from the boring same old looking phones. one of the best looking phones ever. screen? the screen is gorgeous because it is super amoled. the colors are just more vivid and the blacks are really inky black. sound? the speaker is very good, beats many large screen phones in that area and can get loud but it isn't on par with my moto x pure's speaker that has front dual stereo speakers. user interface? motorola easily has the best user interface as it is user friendly, clean, speedy and comes without the clutter. far better than ios, samsung and any others out there. performance? the 625 processor is a blazing fast and efficient processor and is very difficult to tell the difference vs 820 processor. all the youtube reviewers constantly praise the 625 processor for good reason. it even performs very well with heavy gaming. when i got my phone, i did a side by side test with my moto x pure with its 808 processor. to my surprise, the moto z play was actually more snappier and was opening many apps faster than the moto x pure. battery? this phone has an insanely unreal battery life. i can get consistently 10 hours screen time in 2 days. i have reached 12 hours screen time on 1 charge. some people spend like +$800 on a "flagship" and they get 3 hours screen time and are glued to a wall socket. put on the incipio battery mod and you get like 15 hours screen time. camera? the motorola camera shoots very good pictures and it has improved the motorola camera interface from the moto x pure. feature? the moto mods is a great feature that only motorola does. you can swap styles with the moto style shells, put on an incipio moto mod for extra battery, put on a jbl speaker that sounds great, etc. i highly recommend the moto z play.
amazing phone for the price. it runs smoothly and it has the best battery life i've seen in a smartphone. i definitely recommend to anyone not looking to spend a ridiculous amount of money for a good smartphone
this phone is really great! i had a samsung galaxy siii and it's been a really easy transition, and the moto z play is much better. i love the fingerprint unlock button.
awesome! phone and a new way to the future! great innovation!! with the moto mods!!!! this phone is the best phone i have ever owned. i love it! battery life is phenomenal!
i'm a bit over a week in with this phone and i like it alot. let me get the negative out of the way, though:  i use two bluetooth devices regularly: my internal car bluetooth (radio and phone; prius-c) and my mpow shark bluetooth headset for phone calls. notably, whenever my phone connects to these devices for the first time, it connects only for media; no phone. i have to restart the phone and then it connects for both media and phone every time. annoying. i contacted motorola and am hoping a simple software update fixes this, as it's the only issue i'm having with the phone.  so, aside from that, the phone is great. runs fast, adding and updating apps is a breeze, navigation is fantastic and a little more simplified-yet-customizable than my previous phone (the moto g), and the sound and everything is great. i'm getting one of those plexiglass-style screen protectors to keep it from breaking, and it's worth noting that the size of this phone makes a screen protector a must-have. this is true of every phone in this generation, though, no matter what brand, it seems. phones are just huge now, and that means more real-estate (a plus) and more surface area to bash it or crash it if you drop it or do something else with your butterfingers (a negative). i much prefer phones in the 5" range rather than 5.5 or larger, but i'm not faulting this phone's construction for that; it's just the way things are going.
this is the best phone i've ever had. performance is awesome absolutely no lag. battery is insane been using it for two days without charging and still at 40%. speaker gives awesome sound. fingerprint sensor is the best and fastest i've seen. and for 400 dollars what a deal. who needs a flagship.
i'll keep it short and to the point since i'm posting this from the device itself.  build quality: fantastic. it feels real solid but i think if you have smaller hands, it may be a little unwieldy. even i had a weird adjustment period. the glass back adds a nice touch, but i put the moto shell it came with over it to add protection. the shell also helps keep the camera protected, which is a plus.  screen: it's large and the perfect size for viewing movies and tv shows.  camera: it's okay. it doesn't have ois so you need to have a steady hand when taking pictures. i'm not really a photographer so i can't really judge cameras very well. there are better ones out there for sure, but i had the axon 7 briefly and they look about the same, so i'd expect other cameras in this price range to be about the same.  battery: it's a beast. easily a three day phone with 10 hours of screen time. i usually only do a 40-80 charge every other day and i still manage about 4 or 5 hours no problem. it's liberating to not have to worry about your phone's battery.  os: it's running stock with a few of moto's bells and whistles like gestures and moto display. doesn't skip a beat and it's been rock solid since the day i got it. patiently waiting for 7.0.
best android phone i've ever used. - battery life is beyond amazing. others always make claims, but this one literally goes 1.5-2 solid days without a recharge. add on the battery mod and it increases further. - hardware gestures are super robust and reliable ("chop chop" for flashlight, "doorknob" for camera) - fast and bloat-free (unlike samsung)
i spent a lot of time looking for a quality mid-priced phone. after narrowing it down i found the moto z play an appealing choice. my other choice would have been the zte axiom 7 but i saw complaints about weak signal reception and lets face it, if you can't get reception the phone is going to make you unhappy. back to the moto z play - display is vibrant and sharp. processor is quick even with multiple apps up...no lagging. love the motorola unique gestures. double chop - flashlight, turn upside down - silent mode, flick over - activate camera and pass hand over to see notifications. i find myself passing my hand over my wife's apple out of habit. i've seen some criticism of the camera but pics are excellent in daylight and certainly acceptable for night time shooting. the battery life is excellent and the phone charges quickly with turbo charge. and, if you want, slap on a battery back and go even longer between charges. wi-fi range and lte reception is great. also, there is, of course a headphone jack. i would have considered the next motorola up but with no headphone jack it was no deal! bottom line - the moto z play is a solid mid-priced phone that performs as well as phones costing much more.  update:  4 april 2017. still pleased with the solid performance of this phone but i have to concede the camera has room for improvement. primarily i found the moto camera software to be sluggish in shutter response time. i have since switched to open camera found on the app store. camera response has improved dramatically. further, at times, indoor photos are a bit soft in lower light, however, outdoor/optimal lighting photos are excellent. i continue to feel the moto z provides an excellent all around performance value.
after witching from a samsung galaxy att phone, and using the motoz for a few months, it blows the doors off of any carrier phone.  love the "no bloatware" version of andriod.  love the moto mods, and love the batterlife.  performance kicks samsungs ass too.  i got the unlocked version of the play and use it with my att sim card.  when my phone arrived from amazon, i went to the att store, they gave me a new sim (for free) and viola, service working, happy customer.  if you are thinking about getting the moto z, go ahead.  no regrets.
coming from a galaxy s7, we're blown away at the z plays performance in everyday use. these things are buttery smooth and always fast. i bought 2 and we love them, i feel like samsung and apple are just ripping people off at this point.
love this phone the mods are one of the best things about this phone. i have the projector and the camera mod and they are both great i would purchase this again without a doubt.
battery life- it delivers as promised. i feel safe knowing that with this phone and the battery mod, i can go on for at least 3-4 days without charging if i use the phone sparingly. like i do when i go camping.  it's a real powerhouse.i charged it and it reached full charge on 7:15 pm on day 1(the turbo charger is really fast). its day 3 12:22 am now which is 29 hours . during this time, i tried using it sparingly and  i made 7 calls, browsed my mails thrice, used google maps twice. probably surfed 9gag 6-7 times. the phone is on 92% charge. need i say more?
i absolutely love this phone! my old phone (lg k10) could not keep up with the apps i had on it and would constantly lag. this phone has no problem whatsoever. i have never owned a galaxy android phone but don't think i will be switching phones for quite a while because the battery life on this one is superb! i am constantly using it and i can get a good 2 days out of it and ti showing up at 15 percent when i charge it again.i can use android pay on it and the fingerprint scanner is so convenient and fast. i was a little concerned about the price tag but had i known how great this phone would be ahead of time, i would have bought it when it first came out.  the only problem (and this is me being really negative) is it didn't come with a usb data cable and i had to buy it separate. it does come with a turbo wall charger but you cannot take it out and plug it into your computer like you can with other wall chargers.  buy this phone if you are having trouble running out of battery by the middle of the day.  p.s this phone works with cricket wireless.
received product in 7 hours with same-day-delivery. was delivered by lasership, read a lot of reviews that they were horrible, however no issue with them my first go around, i guess the indiana area is just different. will update this review a month from now with details on how i like the phone, figured i'd at least put down that the same-day-shipping was lightning fast.
great phone , it works in central america
this phone is just pure awesome in my view.  two things on my criteria that this phone meets.  1. is it has amoled.  2. is great battery life.  yes! it has amazing battery life.  i seriously get between 4 to 5 days of light use on this phone before i need to charge it. my use includes, work and personal email, text messages, reading some news from it, doing web searches, and some calls with it.  even when i try to run the battery down i still have a hard time doing it.  for instance, when it's at 30% on the last day,  i can still spend several hours reading news off it and it doesn't die.  i cannot recommend this phone anymore.  i get very good call quality on it (att).  the photos are actually pretty good on it. i come from using a samsung j3 and this phone beats it hands down.  it has android marshmallow on it and i love it.  i have no issues.  another feature that i appreciate is when you place your hand close to it it will show you the time and any notification icons without having to press the power button to turn it on to see all that.  it's very handy for those early dark mornings.  it's one of my most favorite features on this phone besides the first two listed above.
i love this phone the moto z play the battery on this phone is out of this world i am a heavy user and the battery lasted two days and a half without charge but i have the moto mod with a charging wireless capability i love that with the mod it takes about 4 days without charge this phone is just amazing i return my moto z because this phone has the best battery life in the game right now and i never seen this phone lag like my galaxy s7
the battery on this phone makes you forget what it is like to have a normal phone. two and sometimes three days are normal with moderate use. the only thing that i don't like about this phone is the camera faulters in low light conditions. i've experienced no noticable device lag.
best android phone on the market right now.
this has been the best phone i've ever owned. the battery is amazing! and the turbo charger is awesome too. very sturdy. i went for 2 months with no case and dropped it a handful of times with no issues. haven't tried the mods yet but i don't think i would be disappointed.
wow!! wow!! how do i begin to list the impressive attributes of this phone? let me try. it is slick, fast, sophisticated, ergonomically designed, has unrivalled battery life, reasonably priced (in comparison to others with similar performance specs), sturdy, and contemporary, really a work of art.  ok, i think you get the picture now. and yes, the picture - both the quality and mechanism are first rate and quite easy to use. there is no need to spend more money on the so-called "high end" phones unless you are into sophomoric bragging rights.
this phone is outstanding.  i bought it through republic wireless because they had a rebate and the battery life was advertised as great.  the battery is friggin' awesome!  not since i had an old nokia in the early 00's have i had a phone that could go a couple days on a single charge.  i'm by no means a power user, but the 8 hours of standby on all my smart phones is crap.  i charge this every other night, no issues.  even if i go pokemoning (not sure if that's a real word...) i have more than enough juice for the day.  my wife was so jealous of my battery life she got one for herself.  there's also the issue of the mods, they're neat.  maybe a little overpriced, but neat.  the speakers on the phone are adequate, but the external mod is quite nice.  i also bought the camera mod for the optical zoom; i hate carrying two devices if i don't need to.  the built-in camera is more than capable, but the zoom is awesome.  i'll have to review that mod by itself with pictures...  overall, great phone.  it even makes phone calls pretty well.  i highly recommend it.
the best phone i've ever had, i love it!! everything about it is perfection.
great phone
everything was great, delivery time and product
one hell of a phone. great battery life, durable, more than fast enough. regular os updates even?! (i wonder how long these will continue, but at this point they've done more than most.)  keyboard addon coming soon!
excellent device. good size, clear screen, nice camera. the best thing about this phone is the amazing battery life! the back plate that comes with it is cheep but it is unnecessary to use it anyway. the ability to use mods with this phone is amazing! can't wait till more mods come!
the z play has the best battery of any phone i have ever owned and the z2 play is still outstanding; i switched from an iphone 6 & i have much preferred the z play in almost every way. the incipio and motorola battery mods give almost 2 more days of power and the style shells  are a great way to change up the look if your phone; they do not provide impact resistance but there are plenty of great cases out there for those who need the protection. highly recommended.
i've owned 4 different iphones and saw the quality go down every phone so i switched to android.  best decision ever to buy this phone. it's beautiful and fast. the battery lasts for days. the pictures are great but that's the only thing that iphone beats this phone with. the touch pad is faster than iphone also.  i will be buying the same phone if this one evey dies on me.
i was one of the note 7 casualties and didn't like any other phone samsung had to offer. i had a 2014 moto x and loved the phone until the battery crapped out on me so i thought i'd try this moto z play. the phone is great! i've always loved the features of the motorola phones and the bare bones android. i've had the phone a couple months now and love it. i've had no issues and the battery life is phenomenal. i use my phone for everything and still have sometimes over 50% battery at the end of the day. i just moved half way across the country recently and drive two days at 10 hours a piece. i had my gps on the whole time and had to make multiple phone calls to the other driver and i still had 30%+ battery at the end of the day. i've never had a phone that could do that. this phone doesn't have top of the line specs now top of the line screen but honestly you don't even notice. i've always had the best phone out there and change phones frequently. i thought the lower specs would negatively affect what i do on my phone (make it slower to do things i wanted it to for example), but i've not noticed anything different than the top phones out there. i'm not a heavy gamer on my phone so you might notice if you game a lot. i mostly read articles and do some light gaming. i highly recommend this phone. it's great quality and you can't beat the price!
after owning this phone,  i just can't imagine spending $700. - $900. for a phone. if you are not a person who games heavily on your phone or someone that needs a great camera,  thus is for you.  the battery life is outstanding,  the camera is good and the mods are useful if you have extra money.  i love the fact that i end the day with 70 percent of battery remaining.
this phone is awesome !!! battery life is amazing and charging is really fast with the turbo charger, you will not be disappointed . i love the moto gesters for the phone. i love this phone. very clean and runs stock android . no bloatwear on the phone. i can go from no battery on this phone and it will be fully charged in less than a hour.
note: i have the droid edition, from verizon wireless. the unlocked moto z play isn't compatible with verizon, but it is with at&t and t-mobile. as far as i know, wireless system compatibility and the presence of some verizon bloatware on the droid edition are the only differences. the phone has the same specs in both versions.  i've only had this phone for a week, but so far it's living up to motorola's claims. specs are very good, if not the best in this price range, it excels in phone and data reception, and the battery is a champ, going from 100% down to about 30% over two days of moderate use.  there have been some complaints that the fingerprint reader is not a home key despite looking like one, but i haven't found that to be an issue. and the fingerprint reader works very well. this is the first time i've used a screen lock on a smart phone, and it actually takes less time than pressing the power button and swiping from the lock screen.  on the down side is the phone's size, which is considerable, and it's difficult not to think the size couldn't have been reduced without sacrificing screen size. i suspect that the heavy-duty battery has something to do with that, and it doesn't bother me, but some might find it cumbersome. interestingly, this phone weighs no more than my old droid maxx, despite its larger size.  some reviewers have also noted that it's a little under-powered for video games, but i'm not a gamer, so that's of no consequence to me. it's fast enough for my purposes.  i'll update this review if anything changes, but right now i'm very happy with this phone.
coming from the nexus 6p, the moto z play has been a paradise of worry-free, all-day (and then some) battery life.  no matter how hard i use this phone (navigation, gaming, etc), 8 hour of screen on time seems to be the absolutely minimum that i'll get out of a full charge in a day.  if i'm just using it for communication and light browsing, i can easily get 12+ hours of sot.  it never gets hot either, even while navigating and playing music it only ever gets slightly warm.  this is really good as, ime, phones that run hot don't seem to last as long!  the phone is great in non-battery-related ways also.  it is a solid performer that never lags or disappoints.  the version of android marshmallow it comes with is very close to stock, and the motorola apps that are preinstalled are actually quite nice and convenient.  i love that i can say "ok moto z" to do a voice search instead of the usual ok google - now when i'm around my gf or friends and they say ok google it doesnt wake my device too.  the moto mods i will honestly never use.  i got a protective case (sparin clear case) that covers up the connector on the back.  camera is pretty solid, not as great as 6p or pixel or anything, especially in low-lighting, but more than enough for daily use.  for the price, you'd be hard pressed to find anything better.  if good battery life is anywhere near the top of your list of most important qualities of a phone, this is it.
i got this for my fiance as a last christmas present, and i was very happy that i wanted til after the holidays to purchase it considering it was on sale. the package arrived on time! and he loved he, he thought he'd never get this phone so didn't bother fantasying about it, i'm glad i was able to make him happy, and he  keeps talking about all the mods he can make to suit his needs to go with it. (didn't know you could do that) lol  takes great pictures, runs fast, and he loves the finger scanner. no problems yet :d
unlocked version. impressive battery life, voice activation, and the mods -- projector & hasselblad -- make this one of a kind and impossible to beat. also, it's very tough. this is the first phone i haven't put in a candyshell for fear of destruction. i've broken too many overpriced iphones. iphone is like the partner you didn't realize was awful until you moved on to a truly great one.
for the price range it is a five rating.
awesome, works great!
just wanted to post something here to help others if they are on the fence about getting this phone. i came from a moto x (2nd gen). this phone retains the greatness of the near stock android experience with the nice additions of the moto gestures.  the claims about the battery life are true, i routinely get 2 days before recharging. the phone is fast, fluid, and the amoled screen is excellent.  very pleased with this phone, i was hesitant with the lack of reviews but found some very positive feedback here and i was not disappointed.  this is truly a flagship phone at a mid-range phone price point.
the best phone i've had. love everything about it
have had phone 1 month. great phone and price. i paid $ 299 for phone. it is factory unlocked will work on any gsm network. only way to go pay cash. no cell provider bloat ware on phone. outstanding battery life. as a normal user i can't tell the difference between my z to my note 5 the milliseconf difference is a blink of your eye. still love my z. going to give to my daughter when i can get  z force. not available yet except verizon. the only sucky then motorola did was let them have it exclusively for now. not sure any of the major carriers are worth a crap and very expensive. version, att the worst.
i'm in love with this phone. i don't game much or need the fastest processor but what i do absolutely need is good battery life. i upgraded from a note 5 and the battery life on this thing is amazing, it's better than my note 5 even with an external battery case! the screen resolution is not amazing and actually was better on the note 5 but i'll take that compromise for better battery life.  even with a slightly older processor compared to high end phones, this phone is extremely fast and responsive. i don't notice any significant lag. one of the best things about this phone is the fingerprint reader...it's sooo fast. it literally instantaneous as soon as i put my finger on it unlocks.  i plan to get the speaker mod for this phone because to me that seems to be very affordable and useful. i think moto has done an amazing job with the modular concept.
the battery life on this phone makes it my favorite phone ever.
excellent phone for the price. sturdy build, good performance, amazing battery life. mods are a great addition.
i have been using this phone for a month and i love it! i was thinking about galaxy s8 when it comes out but after their exploding batteries i wanted to try something else. battery life is pretty good, very fast and the projector has very good picture quality. check out flossy motoz review for in depth review of this phone.
great phone.
most people look at smartphones and focus in on the specs.  if a phone doesnt have the biggest / fastest specs, its eliminated from being considered as a top phone.  after all, weaker specs cant possibly result in a better phone, can it? the moto z play looks like garbage on paper.  after all the beast of the moderate budget phones, the oneplus 3t, demolishes the play in hardware and benchmarks.  how dare anyone even mention those two phones in the same sentence?  sacrilege! the moto z play matches the 3t in one area  the screen.  both come in at 1080p.  that being said, the play actually looks a little better.  it seems crisper than the 3t.  a lot of people like to complain about the 3ts screen, but the vast majority like it.  id count it as a good screen.  the fact that the play beats it, is impressive. hardware wise, the 3t kills the play.  the play is only backing 3gb of ram, it only packs 32gb of storage, and it only has a snapdragon 625.  what garbage, right? wellthe play does have a micro sd card so for the same money you can actually get a lot more storage in the play (128gb 3t vs. play with a 200gb micro sd card). the camera on these phones is actually a draw.  neither are fantastic.  they both make you wish you were using an iphone, s7, g5, or even an htc 10. one thing the moto z play has, is moto mods.  ill get into these later, but they are worth mentioning. how does this phone perform?  in reality, benchmarks are mostly useless.  we dont use our phones in the same way that benchmarks test them.  they might give you an idea of how fast an app is going to open or how demanding of a game it can run, but thats about it.  the vast minority of people are impacted in that way. the moto z play actually passes the ftt (funmunke torture test).  it heats up but it handles that test just fine.  that amazed me.  it did as good a job as the 3t did. overall the phone is quick, snappy, never has lag and has never crashed on me.  thats much more than i can say about the 3t. you cant talk about performance without talking about battery life.  the 3t has good battery life.  the play has unbelievable battery life.  ive never used a phone that does better when it comes to battery life.  it truly stunned me.  its an area where the weaker hardware really benefits the phone. how good is it?  overnight, a 3t with a full charge loses about 15 to 20% of its charge.  the play loses about 3 to 5%.  the play is only 300mah bigger.  thats insane.  ive woken up to find my battery at 97%. i did another test.  i took it off the charger and streamed music via bluetooth for 45min. guess what the battery was at after that? 100%.  not a joke.  i dont know how, but it was. the battery life is also benefited by plays software.  its basically straight android.  a number of makers (like oneplus) like to say they are close to pure android.  not when compared to the play.  the only addons are very useful addons.  motion launch gestures for the camera and flashlight (a lot better than what oneplus uses in oxygen) and a notification screen.  that screen is incredible.  it allows you to see your notifications, without turning on the screen.  it allows you do that by simply waiving at the phone.  this too helps boost the battery life. we cant go much further without talking about the moto mods.  for the most part you are going to pay a crap ton of money for a gimmick.  seriously, how many people are going to use a portable projector enough to justify the price?  how many people want to turn their phone into basic speaker, when most of them already own some really nice bt speakers?  that leaves us two mods. the true zoom mod is a grossly overpriced mod.  you can get an excellent point and shoot camera for less than the $250 lenovo is charging for this thing.  for $250 (i got my play for just $100 more) you get a few controls and a 10x optical zoom.  thats it.  the quality isnt really much better.  low light performance is actually worse and your megapixels drop down to 12.  the 10x zoom is really handy and can help you to capture shots you otherwise couldnt.  but is that worth $250? no!  if you are into photography to the point that youre spending $250, your money is going into something much better than the true zoom.  this mod would only be worth it at a $100 price point.  maybe some would find value at a $150 price point. to put this simply  i take a lot of photos.  the idea of this mod really appeals to me.  i returned this mod after a day. i found it to be a terrible value. there is one mod that makes moto mods worth it.  the wireless charging power pack.  without adding much bulk, you add enough juice to get you through days, without needing to find a charger.  on top of that, it adds functionality that a lot of flagships do not offer  you get wireless charging.  you can get this mod for as little as $60.  thats a bargain.  this mod is incredible.  its the best mod ive ever seen in a phone.  it easily crushes anything youll find in the g5. the last thing ill cover is build.  the build is amazing.  it rivals the 3t.  it feels premium.  the only drawback is all the glass,  its very prone to scratching.  if you dont get the power pack mod,  youll want to always keep a case or back snap on cover on this thing.  if you took out the 3t, this would have the best build in this price range. overall the moto z play manages to provide a value far above its price.  i would honestly recommend this phone above the 3t for the average user.  id only recommend the 3t over this for extreme power users who love to tinker.  if thats not you, buy this phone.
phone is big and heavy, but it became usual these days. battery lasts long (30-40 hours - 4g network + wifi + some gaming, browsing web). 5ghz wifi hotspot option and so on.
not as customizeable as samsung phones, but otherwise, it's pretty nice
good
bought it for the hubby, he loves it. he gets about 3 days of battery life out of the phone which is phenomenal. recommended.
holy christ the battery is astounding. this is a great phone. it's fast, cheap and the mods are fun. i have the camera, which is cool but overpriced, and the speaker, which is totally worth it if you listen to your phone speakers often and want a good boost.
it is the best one in the same price. worth to get one.
the best mbile for this price!!!!
awesome phone the best there is! buy it best battery ever! amazing mods
incredible, the cell phone is beautiful and i arrive home very well packed, all correct and spectacular, i am very satisfied.
works well, and very capable. having some nitpicky issues getting used to android again after spending a few years using iphones and windows - i mainly miss the seamless voice control integration with the car that i had on windows phone (that's the one thing windows phones do better than anything else - with no special hardware or software required). feel free to share a good android car solution. the fingerprint sensor is too easy to mistake for a home button - would be nice if it could be re-mapped. this phone is a little bigger in real life than i expected - takes some getting used to if you're coming from a smaller device. but these issue are minor. the camera is fantastic, the mods are maybe a little gimmicky but i think they have a lot of potential (i got the hasselblad mod at a great black friday price, though the phone's built-in camera is arguably superior in a few ways). performance on games and videos is great. integration with google drive is so smooth with a good connection that it's almost like local storage.  battery life is awesome, and the turbo charger is impressive.
some reviewers complain about bloatware. they don't know what they are talking about. this is as close to stock android as it gets(assuming you buy the unlocked version. not the verizon one). because of this, 3 gigs of ram is plenty. even with many windows open, the available memory remains 1.3/1.4 gigs. my note 7 for comparison, was about the same but twice the price. the battery is ridiculous. lasts almost 2 days and charger is of 3 amps, so charging is fast. people crying about the battery not being removable are the ones with crappy batteries on their old phones. screen looks good, bright, sharp, for just being 1080p(ultra hd pointless if the source is not uhd. aside from some youtube videos, not alot out there). its simply a solid phone. its not a fire hazard like samsung, not boring and expensive like an iphone. only negative is the camera in low light conditions is not that good, but if pictures are that big of a deal, then buy a dedicated camera or spend 800 on another flagship phone. not a deal breaker. don't expect bells and whistles since its a mid level phone but expect to get more than your money's worth. and it has a headphone jack.
i'm writing this from a consumer and user perspective.  the main reason why i am writing this review is to get the word out there how good this phone is and to encourage others to support motorola with their direction in the phone industry.  this review will solely be based on my perspective and my type of usage.  my background is coming from a moto x 2nd gen.  i am not a heavy user by any means, in fact the majority of my phone use is spent surfing the web, online shopping, texting, gps navigation, with mild talk time and app usage.  to clarify i hardly play any games on this phone and my bigger concern was to have good battery life due to my needs.  that being said on a regular day with the usage mentioned above by 6pm i am sitting at 82% battery life.  by the time i charge my phone at night i am near 77%  this is amazing considering my moto x would be closer to 30-40% by the end of day.  the mods are great, but there is much more to be desired here.  i believe there will be more useful mods in the future.  currently i only have the battery mod and for the most part it is a good mod, however i feel there is excessive battery drain while using it.  the way i use my battery mod is that i attach it when my phone is below 50% or else it will keep on trying to feed the phone more power.  the battery also nearly doubles the weight in size, they should design a slim battery for those who only need 40% more battery.  the phone is plenty quick for my usage and i have never experienced lag or crashes.  the only issue i have had was with the fingerprint scanner.  recently i have been washing my hands quite frequently and due to that the phone has difficulty sensing my fingerprints.  the ergonomics of the phone is a bit bigger than i would have liked for my hand size.  i prefer the moto x 2nd gen size more than this one.  however it does make for a great screen to view videos.  the overall size is a bit long also, i wish that they would have a smaller bezel.  the camera is good, but not the best.  build quality is very good as it has an aluminum frame which feels solid and has a quality feel.  personally for the price, specs, and features this is the best deal at $450.  at that time they also threw in a free battery mod.  i hope more people will take a chance with this phone to show that motorola has hit a good niche market with this phone. if your needs are like mind and you need a reliable, long battery life and solid phone with great features then this phone is for you.
top tier phone for a fraction of the cost.
the moto z play is a flagship phone impersonator at a mid-level phone price.  it does everything as well as expected, and then some.  first and foremost is the battery life.  reviewers say it is the best in the industry, and they are right.  i use my phone quite a bit, probably around 3 hours of screen time per day.  and this phone regularly makes it 3 days on a single charge.  nothing out there can touch that.  the screen is fantastic.  the default color mode is set to 'vivid', which is a nod to samsung's garish way-over-saturated colors.  but you can switch the color mode to 'normal', which i did right away.  then the colors are accurate and true, something that is still a little difficult to pull off with a amoled display (which is why apple has not yet adopted this technology).  the processor is plenty fast.  i've not experienced any glitches or hesitation whatsoever.  the micro sd memory slot is configured for up to 2 terabytes (which is not even available yet).  how is that for forward thinking.  i have my entire mp3 music library of 9,300 tracks at 60 gb, plus several movies on a 128 gb card, and there is still plenty of room to spare on the card.  this keeps the phone's onboard 32 gb of member free for apps and photo.  i like that arrangement.  i have 2 minor issues with the phone.  the first is screen size.  5.5 inches is just a bit too large for me.  this size is great for photos and videos, but bulky and overkill for everything else.  it is uncomfortably large in my hand (i am a 6' 2" tall guy).  i would prefer a 5 inch model, but moto does not offer one.  the second issue is slipperiness in handling.  the shell it shipped with is elegant and attractive.  but the sides of the phone are a slippery metal.  it is sometimes difficult to pick up.  and i worry that i might drop it.  it also slips out of a shirt/jacket pocket very easily.  for this reason i broke down and purchased a tpu case.  it gives the sides and back a nice grippy texture, but it adds extra bulk to the already large phone.  would i buy it again?  probably.  but i would prefer a smaller model.  i have not tried any of the moto mods, although i am interested in hearing the jbl speakers.
phone doesn't miss a beat, you can't open enough apps to make it lag.   i use the battery power pack moto mod,  and i'm getting 21 hours of video before the phone dies. (i kept the phone in the refrigerator with the screen maxed out for this test.) so i can safely use it for.. 3 days before needing to charge it.  moto actions are the next major key point. karate chop your phone twice to turn the flashlight on. double click power button for camera. open up the actions screen, and you can program any 6 gestures, be they gestures on screen or with the phone and the gyro meter.  my only con is the screen. i dropped my phone while sitting down, and it cracked bad it's a extremely slippery phone and it slides right off of any surface without  a case, which would be fine but the glass isn't up to par with modern phones. so i got it repaired by motorola for $200. yes, it broke that bad. got it back, and had the tempered glass protecter already waiting as it was on delivery when i ordered my new phone. put that on, sitting in the movie theater and it slid off my knee and it cracked under my screen protector, luckily that fix was only 80 and now i use the moto z force otterbox case. solved that problem.
so i bought the 64gb moto z first and used it for 1 week and i absolutely loved the phone. it was super thin, super fast, i love stock android and for only $50 more it was a no brainer, however my biggest complaint with all androids i have owned is battery life sucks so i always end up switching back to my iphone. so i been reading all the reviews and everyone is saying this moto z play is the best battery life ever and also saying that the snapdragon 625 is a powerhouse. i was in dis belief before buying this phone that both of those statements were true. so let me tell u i absolutely positively love this phone. the first day i setup the phone to my liking and still went 2 1/2 days on one single charge. also the snapdragon 625 is pretty dam fast. no stutter, no lag, whatsoever. i have to say i don't play games at all so i have no clue about game performance. i am a heavier texter, some phone calls, internet browsing and youtube. i can't praise this phone enough. take this review with a grain of salt and test it out for yourself, but i will say that i returned the 64gb moto z, and just did something i thought i would never do. i sold my iphone 7 today, that's how much i love this phone.
great phone, solid with a premium feel. works much better than the specs suggest. no bloat !! battery life is great, fingerprint sensor is responsive and intuitive. stock android for the most part.
works great
bought as a gift for my wife, she likes it.  the camera is not the best, but when we add the battery pack mod, it goes days and days.  a great feature for when we travel.  additional mods and packs also make this a nice all-rounder device.
one of my favorite phones i have owned. battery life is amazing!
coming from samsung note 4 (in two years, it's swappable battery is almost dead.) for this moto z: good: battery and charger. display size and clarity. finger print reader, processor speed, over all build quality. neutral: sound volume, speaker not so good: wi-fi connection get dropped without notice much more than the good old note 4, ended up using a lot more data without my knowing it. motorola being the inventor of the cell phone, the call quality is not as good as the old samsung, disappointing.  given how expensive the top line phones have become today, this is a worthy bargain for me.  i didn't like the mod stuff. they look cool but only maginally useful and way over priced. the slick magnetic back cover is useless to me because i prefer carrying the phone in my wallet case instead: secure, convenient, and functional!  so if you don't want to spend too much for a phone and prefer function over fashion, this is definitely a very strong contender. just be careful with your wi-fi connection... i disable mobile data at home and disable youtube and other up using mobile data as well. then there's the wife and kid, ...
i've had the phone for close to a month now and i can honestly say i really like it.  it's my 3rd android phone.  i had the original samsung galaxy and the galaxy 4.  both always had a lag from time to time.  so far, this is the smoothest operating phone that i've ever had.  also, like everyone else has mentioned, the battery life is amazing.  i don't need to worry about turning my gps off anymore like i used to.  the only issue i've had with it is the bluetooth.  for some reason, i always have problems using it with my 2006 lexus 330.  i think it might have to do with the version of bluetooth that my car has.  however, i do think that backwards compatibility should matter and i hope that the motorola engineers are focusing more on backwards compatibility for bluetooth as the upgrades come out.  i would still recommend this phone to anyone though.  it's worth purchasing over some of the more expensive phones on the market.
just like another reviewer my lg v10 went into bootloop failure. it was a great phone until catastrophe struck. being a power user i immediately began the hunt for a phone with a replaceable battery. i'm on my phone all day and don't have access to a charger. i quickly learned that this little gem was being lauded for it's great battery life and even better, the ability to attach a power pack.  i was hesitant because it's suppose to be a mid-range phone.  so far the phone has been pretty amazing.  going rstraight from a v10 you do notice the phone just slightly slower and you can notice the screen is less sharp because of the lower resolution. after 3 or 4 days you completely forget these things though mostly because the phone is buttery smooth and the amoled display is so much better than lcd at displaying colors and brightness. the phone handles everything i throw at it without a hiccup. i mean it is smooth. it just feels so efficient and well optimized. the battery life will probably send this phone into the realms of android lore for a long time. using it full blast it stills last all freaking day, absolutely amazing.  it's almost pure android and this was a big issue for me. lg offers a ton customization which stock android doesn't . i still can't believe that you can't customize the nav bar soft buttons, really google? i ended using a gesture program to get around this. i really wish the camera was better. it would have made this phone a true monster. as it is, it's still an amazing piece of hardware. it goes to show that sometimes taking a step back, lower resolution, slower processor can lead to a better experience.
previously i had an lg v10, and before that an lg g2. but after some quality issues experiended with those lg phones (bootloop and touchscreen dead zones) i decided to change to another brand and was looking in the $400 range.  the phones i was considering were one plus 3, huawei honor 8, zte axon 7, nexus 6p and moto z play. after looking at each one closely i decided on the moto z play and i'm extremely satisfied with my purchase.  after only one week i can say the following about this phone:  the great  battery life is amazing. i unplug the charger from my phone at 6:00am in the morning and with regular to heavy use (facebook, instagram, web browsing, spotify, netflix, camera, etc.) before sleeping i still have 50-55% and don't need to plug it until 10:00pm of the next day when the battery is around 5%.  speed of phone is excelent considering it has a "mid-range" snapdragon 625. i seriously can't see the difference from my previous lg v10 that had a higher spec proccesor. everything is fluid and snappy.  the good  amoled screen. i had a quadhd lcd screen on the lg v10 but i prefer the screen of the moto z play even if it's only 1080p. colors are great and i can't see the diference between quadhd and 1080, from now on i prefer amoled.  i love the design of the phone, feels very premium and i don't mind the size (the lg v10 was a huge mini-tank and i liked it) , altough hopefully for the next version it has smaller bezels.  the fingerprint is excelent, 95% of the time it responds instantly.  the surprising  android is almost stock but the little touches that motorola adds are great, specially the notifications, waving my hand in front of the screen feels jedi-like and it's very useful at work where i have my phone on the desk and i just check if it's something important.  i ordered the phone with the camera mod and it works awesome. moto mods really feel innovative and i'm thinking of buying the speakers and power pack case.  speaker in the front is surprisingly good for listening music from spotify, netflix and youtube.  other stuff  the 3gb of ram are very good, i don't notice the reload of weg pages on chrome when i have many tabs open.  bluetooth works without problem. i tested it with some bluetooth headphones that i use for running and it works without issues.  camera is good but not great. this is one area that i miss from my lg v10, it had a much better camera.  headphones sound quality is ok. i have in-ear audio-technica headphones and compared to the mighty audio quality from the lg v10 it's definitely a step down. but it works ok for compressed music from spotify and the occasional music video from youtube.  you can't change the battery but since it lasts so long is not an issue for me.  call quality is good enough.  the bad  the glass on back is a fingerprint magnet and it seems like it will break at the first fall. hopefully i can attach the moto mod cover for now and right now i'm awaiting my bumper case.  the charger that comes with the phone has turbocharging (and it's great) but the cable is atached permanently to the charger. being this my first usb-c device i don't have any usb cable to connect to my pc or my external battery packs so i now have to order an extra cable.  conclusion: a great midrange phone that feels like premium phones that are $200 - $300 more expensive. highly recomended.
i came from a note 3. i tried the samsung s7edge and that thing was impossible to hit the little web links on the curve.  returned it.  really wanted a note 7, but those also had curves, and had problems exploding.  i am so glad i discovered this little gem moto z play.  it's an amazing replacement for a note and has it all.  wireless charging mod, long battery life, super smooth screen and responsiveness.  extremely loud phone speaker.  i'm going to get the speaker mod for it today.  this phone rocks!
best phone for the buck.
~love it~
my wife lost her note5 and i got this for her (barely used on swappa) as a cheapish replacement and she hands down likes this phone in every regard (except maybe camera, but she hasn't complained about it yet either).  just echoing what most other reviews are saying here; if battery life is your main concern, there is no better phone, including any iphone.  i got this for my wife and she has been taking it as a challenge to kill it within one day it it's virtually impossible to do.  she consistently gets 10-12 hours of screen on time in a full charge, at least that's estimated from gsam battery monitor, since she usually ends most days with 4-6 hours of sot and around 50% battery left, and that is with her talking for 3-5 hours a day on the phone via bt while she works around the house.  when she's not talking or actively using the phone, she's streaming music either through the phone's speaker (which is actually pretty decent/loud for a phone speaker, not quite as loud as my nexus 6ps speakers though) or via bt to another speaker for 1-3 hours a day.  i have yet to see this phone end the day with less than 43% after a full 16-18 hour day of heavy use.  so the 2-day battery life claims are easily plausible for most people, i'd say.  the kicker is, that despite having a slower snapdragon 625 soc, you absolutely wouldn't know it coming from a faster chip like the 810 or even the 820/821 in current phones.  some reviews say it's not good for games, but i've found it plays any graphical game i have (clash of clans, clash royal, lara croft go, smash hit, etc.) great, even smoother than my nexus 6p since the 810 in that throttles pretty fast and framerates tank.  the lower res 1080p display helps a little in that regard, but nontheless, games run great on the phone and the phone even stays cooler than any other phone i've used while gaming.  the display is plenty bright for outdoor usage and looks like a high-quality amoled display.  next to my 6p, you can only really tell it's a lower res display because there's less content on screen.  sharpness is not an issue still at 401 ppi.  the moto gestures/actions are a nice touch and something my wife actually picked up quick and enjoys over say the samsung's home button double-tap for their camera. on moto phones, you just do a wrist-twist gesture with the phone and it will consistently launch the camera and quickly at that.  do a chopping motion with the phone in your hand and you have a flashlight now.  wave your hand over the phone while it sits on a table and it will display the time and current notifications.  other than that, this is pretty much stock android and it's super fast/smooth, much smoother even than any current samsung or lg phone i've handled (s7 and g5).  the only nitpics i have are  - no wifi calling on t-mobile (our carrier) is supported at the moment - i wish the unlocked model came in white like verizon's droid model does - for some reason the unlocked model is $50 more at $450 than the verizon/droid z play - for the money, you can get a oneplus 3/3t with much higher specs, but i seriously doubt you'll notice this except in the most graphical demanding games, plus you will have half the battery life with that phone still. - power button is way too close the the volume buttons, so it's easy to press it accidentally instead of adjusting the volume.  i think the power button should be on the other side of the phone.  but fortunately, you only really ever have to press the power button when you want to turn off or restart the phone, because you can turn the display on and off with the fingerprint sensor (very nice touch).  anyways, i really didn't mean to write this much about the phone, but it's hard not to when it's really this good.  the only way i see anyone not liking this phone is if they just don't like android in general or want a smaller phone, but this phone is still considerably smaller than an iphone 7 plus and has the same size display as it.  so if you're debating on this phone or something like the oneplus 3/3t, axon 7, honor 8, or alcatel idol 4s (like i was), and battery life is one of your top concerns, as well as overall ui performance, this is definitely the phone you want.
this phone is not cheap as it should be. got mine on swappa for $300. can't complain. faster (!) than my ex nexus 6p with outstanding battery life. this is hands down. you won't find a better phone in this department. camera is worse in low light, but that's not a big deal to me. battery life, fool!
i recieved the phone on monday. this is the first phone that i bought in my life. i'm really happy that my first impression about the phone was it looked better than the images. it came with the the brown wood attachment which looks pretty nice. i like the silver sides and i can watch movie with this full hd sceen. i like the way they built this phone, eventhough it's a little big for me. i like some features, especially the turn off phone by fingerprint scanner. the battery is great, i've used the phone with 95% from 6 am to 10pm and it still had more than 40% when i go to bed. i used the phone for downloading apps, watched youtube, searching, chatting and testing camera all the day after i've recieved the phone but it still had enough battery for the next day without charging. i thought the camera would be great because of 16mp but i was really disappointed when the camera is not so good in low light, event it could be fixed a little bit with flash. i heard about moto's mod, there is a mod that can improve the phone's camera and i think that i should have one for mine. the speaker is really loud that even my brother from another room can hear the music. the things i dont like first is the turn on/off button and sounds button. they look similar and nothing different to regconnize which one, unless you remember all 3 of them. the second thing i dont like is the glass on the back of the phone because without a case, you could easily crack the glass with only a slightly damage. the third bad thing about this phone is its sim tray. i already had my sim from my old phone, the only problem is it doesn't have the same size. my sim is micro sim and  this phone just supports a nano sim card only so i have to change the size of my old sim to fix this phone's sim tray, really inconvenience. beside the brilliant battery, usb-type c makes this phone better than ever with its "fast charging". you can use this phone for 2 or maybe 3 days ( depends on what kind of thing you use) and it just only need a little bit of time to charging the phone, then you can use it again. imo, i would say this is the best mid range phone so far.
long lasting batt, fast charge, beautiful and comes with several improvements ie speaker is the same earphone which i find smart. these phones use to last longer than others, i believe moto is well enginereed. i ve been using motorola from years ago without any complaint. my old moto g 1st gen is still as new, what a good piece of hardware.
i had a moto x pure i got the z play, because i liked my previous phone, and heard good things about the battery.  this phone has no lag, is very clear, and the moto ware is the only thing that isn't stock android. the moto ware makes ok google even better, and also makes your phone do cool things like turn on the "flashlight" with a karate chop.  it is stable, it has a 5in screen which fits in my hand much better that the slightly larger x pure with no noticeable difference in size or quality.  this is the phone of the year.  samsungs are catching on fire, lgs are boot looping, and apple is still apple.  this phone gives me 24 to 48 hours of life on one charge,  with moderate to heavy use. buy this phone
the best battery life i've ever had with an android phone. it easily lasts two or even three days. the phone is well built and have good performance for everyday use. the only downside is the camera, which is not so good (i was using nexus 6p)
edit:  have to minus a star after four months of use. although still amazing  an accidental hit to the rear camera and the outer glass had shattered.  be cautious with the rear camera!  uploaded picture.  80% battery after a day of use.  some heavy usage can result in 70% range after a day.  like other reviews say, the battery life is simply incredible.  only time will tell how long it will keep it up.  a very fast phone with virtually no bloatware.  i did experience some slight lag when using the camera.  haven't tried any moto mods yet,  but maybe i'll try one when there's a newer, faster camera.  phone can feel warm sometimes when charging though.  hope there isn't any note7 action.
best phone i've ever had.  love all the cool extras that come with it like the camera and the speakers!
i don't write a lot of reviews, and most are pretty vicious, but this phone is the best! i upgraded from the galaxy s7. mostly it's the battery...i'm an extreme power user and this thing lasts 3x as long as the s7, literally! it must be the combination of the chip, screen and battery, but it just goes on forever. and i notice zero difference in performance or display. best purchase in years
pros: battery is brilliant. you don't have to keep rushing to your charger frequently. fast - no complains at all fingerprint unlocking and locking is so convenient camera is good looks pretty decent turbo charging - it takes probably an hour to charge it full.  cons: big screen - 5.5'' is a bit large for me (though it enhances the experience in watching videos) usb cable charger is not the standard android one. so you have to carry your charger.  i can't see a reason why anyone will not buy this phone if one has to spend ~450+tax.
excellent phone for the money. if battery life is what you are looking for this is the phone you should buy. i can get two days of battery life. sometimes into a third day. i average about 8:30 hours of screen on time but there have been times when i've gotten 10 hours. the battery life on this device is simply amazing.  don't be dissuaded by the snapdragon 625 processor. this phone has no lag. it is one of the snappiest phones i've used. unless you plan on using this phone primarily for hardcore gaming the processor won't be an issue for you at all. even if you do want to game a lot it's not like you won't be able to but your frame rates and loading times will be a little slower than with a phone with a higher end processor.  the display is beautiful. it's only 1080p and not 2k like a lot of flag ships but it is a gorgeous 1080p screen. my past 2 phones had 2k screens and this screen does not feel like a downgrade. in normal day to day use you won't be able to tell the difference.....and....that 1080p screen is part of the reason the battery life is so good.  the motorola specific features(moto voice, moto display, moto actions etc) are nice and hard to live without once you get used to them.  there are a few slight cons with this phone but none of them are deal breakers. it is a little unnecessarily large in my opinion. the bezels are a little large on all sides. the camera is acceptable but not great at all.  the motomods feel like an unnecessary gimmick to me. i have the speaker and it is nice but you can get better sound and more volume from $20 bluetooth speakers. the style shell mods are nice but i wish there were more options. you don't really need any of the battery mods because the battery life is already class leading. the projector is overpriced for what you are getting. the camera mod is not very good.  also the mods are a little more lose when attached to the moto z play than when attached to the regular moto z or moto z force. i suspect the z and force have magnets on the bottom and top of the phone while the z play only has magnets on the bottom of the phone.  all in all this is a great phone. hard to beat for the money.
easily a 4.5/5 phone.  pros: +great, quick and smooth software experience that's very well optimized. +battery life is amazing +great build quality and is very attractive +moto mods (too bad there's very little choice) +good display (only problem is that 5.5" is too big for me. 4.7" would be perfect) +good and loud front facing speaker +headphone jack  cons: -should have been cheaper or gone with a better cpu. the cpu works great, but a bit pricey for a $450 phone -volume rocker and power buttons are placed in a weird and awkward place -camera is weak in low light conditions -doesn't come with a usb cable  software experience: extremely smooth and fluid. i put this phone through all kinds of tasks, yet i haven't come across any hiccups or lagging. while i feel they should have went with a better processor given the $450 price, this phone's software has been so well tuned and optimized that it can stand toe-to-toe with even the higher-end phones.  battery: this is where this phone shines the brightest. the battery life on this phone, and that's not including any of the battery mods included, is honestly amazing. you won't even need a battery mod, honestly. i managed to get 1.5-2 days worth of battery with heavy usage without a single charge. it feels so nice not being able to charge your phone every couple of hours. when i see this phone's battery at 15%, i still engage in using it heavily without a care.  camera: in outdoors with good lighting, it's pretty damn good. low light settings, however, is not motorola's strong suit. the camera is pretty good, just not fantastic.  build quality: luckily, motorola's build quality hasn't deteriorated after being purchased by a cheap chinese manufacturer (aka, lenovo). build quality is as good as you can get.
i had an s7 edge before this phone and was tired of the samsung interface. i was also not looking to pay $700 for a phone when the midrange phones have come so far. most people seem to opt for the oneplus 3, but i really like moto phones. this phone is no exception. the speed is great. i never notice that the phone does not have an 820 processor. as most people have noted, the real differentiator is the battery life. i spend all day on my phone, and i no longer need to find a charger during the day. one key for battery life is too leave the brightness at half. the mods are the cherry on top, and work really well. buy this pphon; it will impress you (and save you some money).
the battery life on this phone is better then any iphone or android, as long as you charge it at night you it will never die on you. really quick. no lagging. great screen. a steal at $450
absolutely love this phone (coming from galaxy s6) i will never go back to a bloated device again. everything just works as its supposed to. so fast and so smooth. don't even get me started on the battery life... is this real life? i didn't even know people had phones who lasted for this long.  i bough the projector mod with this beast and everybody goes absolutely crazy about it. i'm glad i stayed away from s7 and i7. this phone is just too much fun!  the only con i can think of atm is the camera is not as good as samsungs. but comon.... we all knew that anyway.
best phone i have ever owned. battery is life changing.
best phone i've ever had and i've owned a ton of them. super speedy even without top of the line processor and amazing battery life. totally changes how you think about using your phone. you no longer have to look for opportunities to charge your phone. if you find yourself in a situation where you'll need more than 10 to 12 hrs of screen on time, you could just buy the battery pack moto mod. excellent phone at an excellent price. screen is great. if it has one downside it's the camera. fortunately, the camera is more than adequate it just isn't iphone or samsung quality, just a smidge below them, especially in low light. that is a small downside compared to all of the positives. definitely a must buy imo.
bought this for my mom because she was looking for a mid-range smartphone to cut back on payments of a high end phone.  she looooooves it.  she has really bad eyesight from cataracts and has to have a bright screen to see.  on all her previous phones, she always had to turn the brightness up all the way which killed the battery.  not so on this phone because the screen is bright already.  the battery lasts really well and she's on it constantly playing games and such.  this was a great investment and i think she'll be sticking motorola for a while instead of going back to any of the samsung flagship phones.
i've been using motorola since december of 2014. i started out using the 2nd gen moto g, then to the 3rd and then the 4th, and now this. i thought they were fast and simple, but this? i've been missing out. speed: lightning feels ashamed. i've done side/side tests with other phones and it remains to be the king. i've never used anything this fast (only thing that might beat it is the pixel, but i have yet to try that out). screen: perfect for my uses. cant tell the difference between this and "quad hd" except for color. this is still bright and vivid, and i can't find any flaws. storage: if i could have gotten 64 gb, i would have, but it isn't out(yet?). camera: it's a great camera, but it is not the best out there. does that really matter, though? it's still a really nice shooter. battery: that's where it really shines. everything else is great, but this? it's almost unreal. i was working on a history project with my friend, and i got 6.5 hours of screen on time with 42% battery left. i'm ecstatic about this. conclusion: get it. no phone can rival this battery life (yet?) and the performance is still the same par. seriously. if you're looking for a new phone, look no further. stock android and everything here, really - get it.
amazing power house of a phone. heres a few reason why i bought this device and what i find good about it.  reason why i bought it.  the idea of mods looked better than lg's idea. the battery life mainly. the design of the phone. and because i love moto.  now that being said, why did i choose this phone as my daily use other than my other high end devices like the lg g4 or s7e? because honestly its an amazing phone even if it dose not compare with specs like processor or screen quality like qhd. this phone runs just as good as a high end phone with multi tasking and every day use, it may lack some good gaming fps for intensive gaming but it does the job. the moto z play last way longer than any of my past phone and that could be because of the s625 processor and its efficiency of power usage and the phone not being a qhd display. overall the phone will get the job done amazing without really noticing the difference unless u really have ur mind set on it.
this device is just what i needed. this phone is pretty much an exchange for the moto g4 plus. the old saying, you get what you pay for is true. i paid roughly $150 more for this one and it was well worth it. the g4 plus is a great phone missing one key feature for me which is nfc. what you get in return for in the moto z play is a ton of battery life, amoled display, and a top of the line build quality. there is one caveat of losing one (1) gb of ram, however by the performance of both devices side by side, you would never notice. if you are on the fence between the g4 plus and the moto z play i say  get the moto z play. you can't go wrong with either as these are premium mid-range devices. if nfc for android pay isn't important to you, save yourself some cash. either way lenovo/motorola have some hits on their hands.
it's been awhile since i've had a motorola phone but ever since i had the droid turbo i absolutely love their phones. pure android is the s***. moto-display is the s***. auto handsfree mode by detecting movement is the s***. moto-voice is the s***. and the battery on this thing is definitely the s***.(can't wait for advanced doze on nougat) i can confirm t-mobile full lte and band 12 support. phone does not disappoint you will love this phone.
let me start by saying that this device is the new go to mid-range device.  design: this is obviously subjective, but i think the device is beautiful. it's simple but elegant to me. if i had to knock the device on certain design choices it would be the pretty large camera hump (which goes away with the included moto shell) and the choice to implement on-screen navigation buttons instead of making the fingerprint scanner a working home button and just implementing capacitive "back and "recent apps" buttons. other than that, the device is aesthetically pleasing. another note, the device definitely has some heft to it. i'm guessing that has to do with the battery size.  screen: the screen is just great. definitely not the best, but it's a great screen nonetheless.  software/performance: the software is basically stock android with a few moto features thrown in for fun. nothing intrusive whatsoever. performance is fantastic. very fluid and responsive. no noticeable lag when navigating the system or navigating through apps.  camera: the cameras are pretty damn good. nothing compared to the galaxy s7 or nexus 6p but they work very well nonetheless. the front camera is surprisingly good! especially with the front facing flash :)  battery: one word...wow. at 3,510mah, the device should easily last you around 2 days if not more. for a light user like myself, it might even last around 3 to 4 days. for example, i unplugged around 12pm on sunday and i barely had to put it to charge at around 6pm today (wednesday) and it still had 15% left. i mean, it doesn't get much better than that! :) the phone also charges pretty damn fast with the moto turbo charger. should be ready to go in a little over an hour. i will say that the device does get pretty damn warm/hot when it's charging. so that can be a little concerning.  all around, the device is definitely a beast. in this price range, i'd say the only real competition this has is the oneplus 3 and i guess the axon 7. i'm willing to bet that this device will get faster updates than the other two. only time will tell though.  definitely recommend :)
very nice phone, it feels high quality, gets insane battery life (2 days easily), has good performance, and moto mods. some people might not think its worth $450 compared to the specs on some other phones, but it is!
great phone for everyday use, i came from most of the nexus phone lines and this is phone rocks them all. powerful battery life and ease of use in the hand, great camera, fast photo taking, flick of the wrist camera is open, hoover your hand over it and you get time display, very responsive when apps are opened, no bloatware at all on this phone, amoled screen is nice.. negatives i can think of is it needs more memory like 4gb. camera bump could easily break if no protection is on it. gorilla glass would be nice for protection. overall this phone is a great buy
four hundered and fifty bucks.  unbeliveable that this phone is this great, at that price.  i would like to give my thoughts on the moto z play unlocked after using it for a week.  i preordered and purchased a galaxy s7 regular version earlier this year, but have had a hardware lust for a few weeks.  so here is my two cents on the features of the moto z play, from a galaxy s7 owner.  build quality:  the moto z play is amazingly well built for the price.  a glass and aluminum sandwich, with 2.5d curved glass on the front.  after using that glass on the galaxy, it is hard to go back to not having that gently curve of glass when swiping into the side of the screen.  also, kudos to lenovo for making the antenna lines centered on the top and bottom of the phone. no ugly plastic stripes here.  display:  ok, so the galaxy s7 was always going to win this one.  samsung makes the best screens, but the 1080p oled screen on the moto z play is a very good display.  i do not feel like i am loosing anything by using it.  camera:  the galaxy s7 has a fantastic camera, so i was expecting the downgrade from it.  the moto z play takes good pictures in good light, but the hdr is very slow.  taking up to two seconds to process one hdr photo.  it takes acceptable pictures though, just not world changingly fast like galaxy s7  software and performance: damn is the moto z play fast.  like i cannot tell this is a midrange phone, no lag, make me question what a flagship is good for, fast.  the software is buttery smooth, have not had any lag at all.  also plays any game i have tried, including ripetide gp: renegade, possibly the most graphic intensive game to date on android.  fingerprint sensor:  surprised at how fast the moto z play fingerprint sensor is.  you barely have to touch it, and the screen is on and unlocked.  much faster that the button fingerprint combo you have to use on the galaxy s7  moto mods:  didn't buy any because i did not know if i was going to be keeping the phone, but now that i am going to keep it, the jbl speaker looks very interesting.  battery life: wow, what an amazing battery.  only had to charge the phone 4 times in a week.  i get 2 days easily without having to worry about charging the phone.  last time i checked i got 6 hours of screen on time and was constantly streaming spotify and podcasts without having to charge the phone for two whole days.  the fast charger that is included does a fantastic job too.  giving me about 15 to 20 percent battery in 15 minutes.  anyway, hope someone takes a look at how great of a job lenovo has done with the moto z play.
my first impression is that this phone is pretty heavy, but fast and well made.  i really like moto phones, having owned several of them. currently i wouldn't use any other brand. it's stock android with moto's action, voice and display features! i love being able to twist the phone twice and snap a photo almost instantly; and see notifications as soon as i pull it out of my pocket or wave my hand over it.  comparing the moto z play to the moto g4 plus which i also own, the g4 weighs just 5.2 ounces, while the z play with its style shell attached is 6.9 ounces! the style shell itself weighs 1.1 ounces but i don't think i'd want to use the phone without it, or some other kind of shell. my z play came with the charcoal ash style shell. (apparently, different style shells come with the phone depending on where it's purchased. moto says you'll get the herringbone nylon shell if you order directly from their website.)  performance of the z play is very good, with none of the occasional lag i've seen on my g4 plus when scrolling through web pages. the display is sharp, bright and colorful. the speaker sounds good; better than other phones i've heard. the camera is very adequate, for a phone. i love the usb-c connector because it's reversible! (a temporary inconvenience of not having extra usb-c chargers laying around is no big deal.) the build quality of the phone is excellent and it's comfortable in the hand.  i'm a little baffled as to why the power button is below the volume buttons, reversing the position of every other moto phone i've had. i suppose i'll get used to it soon enough, but why? the screen can be turned both on and off with the fingerprint sensor, so i'm getting used to using that instead of the power button.  to sum up, while the battery life is quite nice, the size and heft of the phone puts me off a bit. in the near future i hope all of the manufacturers figure out how to shrink the phone bezels allowing for a nice big screen in a smaller phone body. i like a 5.5" screen but the moto z play is definitely not a small phone. however, it is smaller than the iphone 7 plus and only a touch longer than the moto g4 plus. i can only imagine how sweet a phone would be if the bezels around the screen on all four sides were shrunk to almost nothing.  update: i'm really liking the long battery life and the quick charging with the included turbo power charger. this phone spends much less time connected to a charger than any of my previous phones. i just received my crimson ballistic nylon style shell which is about a quarter ounce lighter than the wood version that came with the phone and makes holding it a whole lot less slippery. the longer i own this z play phone, the more i like it.
it looks premium, feels well put together, the screen looks nice, sound quality is good, it's water resistant (not waterproof), and it runs everything without a hitch.  in most respects it is equal to other phones in its price range, but there are a few key differences:  1. amazing battery life! my previous phone was a moto x pure which seemed to have fairly average battery life; starting with 100% in the morning it would be down to about 20% by 6pm. but the moto z play is usually around 50-70% by bedtime, so that means nearly 2 full days of use on a charge, which is really great. i have never owned a phone with this much stamina, and i've seen online reviews that say similar things.  2. mostly pure android moto phones have nearly standard android installed. unlike other manufacturers that love to fiddle with colors and layout, replace the home screen launcher, and add redundant apps, moto keeps things simple and unadulterated.  3. moto mods the moto z series phones accept snap-on modules called "moto mods" that attach magnetically to the back, there are things like speakers, projectors, battery packs and enhanced cameras. nothing you can't live without, but it's cool to have the option if you ever need it.  4. headphone jack yes, it has one (on the bottom). the regular moto z and the moto z force don't.  5. no notification led unlike most android phones, on moto phones there's no notification led. instead there's something better: the "moto display" feature, which pulses a notification icon on the screen. you can even wave your hand near the screen to show the info.  6. moto actions this is another cool trick mostly unique to moto phones - you can do things like twist the phone to start the camera app, double-karate-chop to turn on the flashlight, or flip it over to silence the ringer.  7. usb-c this phone uses the new usb-c cable which has a reversible plug and also supports faster charging than the previous usb standard (a fast charger is included). that's all good, but if you like having spare chargers around, you'll need to buy not only new cables, but also new chargers made for usb-c; old "fast" chargers that support qualcomm quickcharge and/or turbo charge on older moto phones won't fast charge this phone. i know, i tried several and they all charged it at the same (slow) speed as any generic cheap usb charger.
i preordered this from best buy because they included a battery mod with the phone.  i've had the phone for three days now and totally love it. i came from using a moto g 2014.  this phone is really fast, and has a colorful, vibrant screen. the battery lasts for well over 24 hours- maybe even 48.  i'm using it with at and t.  no issues noted. the only con so far might be the lack of cases for the phone that allow you to use a mod at that same time.
great phone i received mine on thursday. the most important thing to me is a signal and compatability with my carrier.  this definitely does both. i can confirm it works on tmobile's volte.  it has a strong signal.  i knew this  the moment i put my sims in and got a strong lte signal in my living room. prior phones struggle (even the s7edge).  i have to say this  might be my favorite phone so far.  i don't play games. i will test one out to see how well it handles them.  i mostly use my phone for texting, emails,  a lot of work tasks.  youtube, plenty of browsing.  it's & fast smooth. it feels as premium as the s7edge.  the phone came with a back cover, grayish wood looking. not too bad.  i have long work days. the battery life is the best.it can last me a full day without charging.  my usage varies from light to heavy depending on the  day.  i have always been a motorola fan. i was using the moto g 4 plus over my s7edge because of the better signal (good phone).  i feel bad that  i spent so much on my samsung and it just sits there.  i prefer the less expensive phones for the strong signal.  if moto/lenovo  can keep putting out mid range phones this excellent.  i might just but their products.  great job moto/lenovo you  have a winner of a phone here!!!
amazon somehow shipped this to me 4 days early.  i'm an android developer and have access to a ton of phones.  i'm coming from a nexus 5x which well had a few terrible bugs (muting conference calls wtf) and terrible battery life.  this z play is a revelation.  it's blazingly fast compared to the 5x.  it feels faster even though 8 x a53 cores shouldn't be faster.  i have a s7 for work and it feels no slower.  the build is great and feels at least as nice as day a samsung s6/s7.  our google pixel phones came today as well and honestly this feels as fast and build wise more expensive.  the battery life is amazing too.  maybe losing 5% after surfing the web for an hour is pretty special.  the price is a bit more than motorola's last gen.  i had a 2015 moto x ..... and this is just a better phone than that.  faster, and nicer materials and amoled.  what a difference a year makes.
pre-ordered and get it today (oct 20). i was a samsung s7 user. first feel: 1. there is a wooden case come with the order, which i assume is a gift for pre-orders. i bought a nylon case on moto's website and personally prefer that feeling. however, there is a little bit shake between the case and the phone. normally you would not notice it, but if you are an ocd like me just don't case. 2. there is nothing to complain about the smooth. snapdragon 625 is good enough for daily use (thanks for 14nm i guess), and i didn't feel heat at all (compared to my snapdragon 820 s7). and i don't play games. 3. battery seems to be perfect. will add more details later.  drawbacks: type-c ! at first i think it is an advantage, but turns out it's a nightmare. the original package contains a charger and cable combo, which means you have to buy a new type-c cable yourself in order to make data transfer (and i'm an android auto user). the cable is not on moto's website and you have to find one on amazon. however, you have to choose carefully! not all type-c cables will work for this phone, only the ones in good qualities will. i used to have two type-c cables for my type-c mobile battery, which are all not working for the phone.  may add more in future.
arrived on time as promised so fast phone is fast my sim card works for it even doh the phone is verizon i'm impressed for the money as well i bought the moto mods projector with it work great no issue at so far 
this is generally a great phone. the gpu isn't the best, but it comes really close and is extremely power efficient. i've been able to play every 3d game with acceptable results, and the phone will retain power a full week with light usage without charging. try to do that with an iphone!  my only complaint is that i purchased this thinking it was fully t-mobile compatible, but there's apparently some proprietary libraries that t-mobile only puts on its own branded phones. this phone can use t-mobile sims, but it won't run t-mobile apps or do native t-mobile wifi calls. fortunately, the 4g reception on this phone is great, so wifi calling is less important.
awesome phone.  upgraded from my htc and couldnt be happier. this phone is underated for many reasons.  battery life is unbelievible.  all day without charging and if you buy the motomod battery pack it can go easily 2 days.
fantastic phone. better than my prvious galaxy s7 and iphone 7 and very fast. the battery lasts for a full two days minimum even with heavy video streaming use.
omg. i love the battery life. phone seems plenty fast and screen is nice. excellent bang for the buck.
i've been using the latest and greatest flagship phones for years until i didn't care much for them since my everyday use isn't intensive at all. all the phones in the past had one thing in common: needs constant charging! this phone can go for days without charging, this kind of convenience ranks high for me. love it.
the battery life is very nice, i can go three days on a single charge. the only problem is that i cant find a case for it.
works great
pros: *getting 3 days heavy use, 6 days moderate use, weeks on standby between charges.  if battery is vital to you, buy this phone! *speed is good for surf, stream, and games *upgrades to android 7 easily cons: quoted from motorola on 12/09/17 (this worries me):  "thank you for replying to us with your receipt but unfortunately we cannot warranty this device since it was purchased from un authorized retailer which is wbb llc. kindly contact the point of purchase for warranty or replacement."  i suggest you request the imei number of the phone you will recieve be verified through motorola if you desire to be under the actual company warranty.  overall, this is the best phone i've ever owned when it comes to cost, speed, performance, and especially battery life.  there are more advanced phones out there, but few are able to give you what this one does at this price point.  i highly suggest adding the incipio offgrid battery moto mod as well.  that gives you even crazier battery life and wireless charging...  you won't believe how much nicer life is when you need no cables and plugs.
no glitches whatsoever i brought it like a month ago, the only problems were the constant pop op message telling me to update, i chose not to because some reviews on motorola's forum, i learn to suppress that, it's tricky to achive but not impossible, and i don't know why but i can't use voice command while offline, on the moto x pure edition i was able to call anyone hands free thanks to the voice command, i even hear that someone saved his live by calling 911 while unable to reach his phone, now that's impossible unless your connected to wifi or the 4g i miss that little detail.  the camera it's ok.  now what people say about the battery is real, i mean medium use from 7am to 7pm and it's at 80%. it's fast, and responds well, the moto features are handy, and you can install a lot of things in the 23 gb internal memory that's for the user. i'm happy with my purchase.  it's a great phone for the price, and the critics says it's better than the predecessor.
great phone, really snappy. really long battery life.
bought this as part of a zplay/hasselbad zoom camera mod bundle. i have used the samsung s4 zoom and k zooms (have 24-240mm zoom lens in built) for the last 4 years, and my k zoom is so abused i finally bit the bullet and bought this, the closest thing around. to my surprise, i have not used to hasselblad once, yet, but use the z play daily.  the good things about the z play are obvious. low price, large screen, quality build, excellent battery compared to most phones this size. in fact the z play 2 battery is smaller (3000mah vs z play 3500mah) so i opted for this model.  however, the software with the z play isn't the best. i have to press and flick many more times than i used to. it was only when a 1 gig update was finally download that the software began to approach something of the functionality i had with the k zoom.  photos with the in built camera are middle of the road in quality for current generation mobile phones. my friend's iphone 6 takes better quality photos.  overall, i'm quite pleased with the z play, especially after the software improvement.
only downside is the mediocre camera, but it's still fine. the phone is well built, has a great screen, is very snappy, and has arguably the best battery life of any smartphone. moto mods are fun too, but make sure to get a bumper case. i wish the back was metal like the moto z rather than glass, but it's still a nice finish just not as durable.
best phone i ever got. the battery lasts the whole day even if i take a lot of pictures and use lte, i only am careful to keep the screen light as low as possible. games work perfectly, it heats up a bit because of its super fast charging, but it's an awesome phone. totally recommend it.
excellent phone with reasonable price and great software update..
one of the best phones i have owned in the past year. very cheap and works so smooth. i have finally retired it for a note 8 but i still miss the phone and the accessories.
product is better than described.  looks like it was never even touched.
very very usefull
good product
i purchased this phone 10 months ago and really love it. i'm not a gamer, although i think it would work well with most games. the large screen size is great. the call quality is good and the speaker is loud enough. i can go a few days without charging this. it works smoothly with no lag. i would definitely recommend it.
excellent phone. great battery life & no third party apps to bother u. pure android system & it supports all major usa gsm bands & many international bands if u are going outside usa. it is also very fast and good looking in hand.
replaced an iphone 6 s. has a better camera, better screen, and the longest battery life of any phone i've ever owned.
awesome phone!
i love this phones battery life and updated android. however, i have to take off a star for the weak screen they are using. i had a screen protector and a rubber case on this phone thinking i was good for anything. the screen protector was even tempered glass. unfortunately, a ping pong ball was wacked across the table and hit the screen directly, while the phone was in my pocket. the screen and lcd digitizer were cracked and the screen protector was unharmed. not happy with the screen durability......a ping pong ball of all things.  motorola has such poor customer service reviews that i am going to buy the digitizer and screen repair kit and fix it myself. this is probably my last motorola phone that i buy.  ps. funny enough my moto x gen 1 is still going strong and had the exact same type of ping pong ball hit, screen durability was held to higher standards 5 years ago.
i'm what one might call an android power user, using tons of different apps and having experiences with many different devices. of all the ones i've had, the moto z play is easily my favorite. it's not perfect; the cameracs autofocus isn't the best, and the performance isn't technically as fast as the regular moto z, but in everyday usage, it is perfectly fine, and the battery life is truly astounding.
you can't go wrong with the z line for the money. this is a very beautiful phone. i am shocked it is not hugely popular. the price is awesome compared to a latest edition iphone or samsung yet the phone looks/feels like the same quality. it is simply beautiful. my favorite part is the battery - it lasts forever. i have used the phone quite a bit today - i am probably using it just to be in awe of how beautiful it is - and my battery is still at 67% from charging yesterday afternoon. wow! worth it based on that alone but.... smooth interface great camera huge, high resolution screen - outperforms the iphone 7 (yet costs $150 less). and the mods will allow this phone to replace your tv, dslr, stereo system, and you can get a battery pack to last i'm guessing a week considering what the stock battery already does.
best phone i've owned so far, and amazing battery life, especially with a battery moto mod add on.
good phone! supplied as scheduled! thanks a lot
battery life!  full day of use and i've got 61% battery left. not having to worry about charging or carrying a battery pack is awesome. stock android.  decent camera & screen.
excellent
finally an android with a battery that can actually hold up for the entire day. i've sometimes even forgot to charge my phone before bed and still will have a decent 4-5 hours left the next day. i'm really enjoying this phone right now.
excellent phone! love it!
using it for 5 months now. loved it. the camera is superb. the interface is awesome. it was worth every $ i paid. very good battery backup and gets charged up very quickly (type c port). after a long time, i'm happy with my investment in a smartphone in every aspect. highly recommend to buy it !
very satisfied with the purchase. excellent ! thank you !!
best battery life out there! other than that, it's a an android - nothing to really set it apart.
phone feels great, runs great, and shipping was a breeze. if you're looking for a phone that won't break the bank but has very good performance and quality i would suggest getting this one. i've been nothing but satisfied thus far. one minor complaint i have (but this has nothing to do with the phone itself) is that there aren't many cases available for it. if that's something that's very important to you i might want to steer clear. nonetheless, i still found a very good case for the phone, it just took a but of digging around to find it. great for larger hands as well. i faced the problem of constantly mistyping on other phones, but i'm 6'3" with larger hands and this phone seems to work better than any i've tried in the past.
i love this phone. my favorite feature is karate chop motion turns on the flashlight and twist of the wrist turns on the camera. (dorky, i know!) camera works great, smooth and fast operations too.
it has the best battery life ever, i use it for 3 days on one full charging.
great battery and pretty fast. i bought this from the warehouse like new. currently using on cricket just had to make one setting to receive pics in mms
pbeen using this phone for 6 weeks now, and i love it.  my phone is always in use...navigating or playing music or tethered to my laptop...and the battery lasts all day, no problem.  the fingerprint sensor works really well. the sound is pretty good for listening to music. call quality is fine. camera is super-quick.
i upgraded from a moto x to get better battery life. i never expected to get two days out of a charge.  sometimes i get more.  this phone has amazing battery life
don't know why they decided to change the title of this phone to the verizon version, but it's not. it's unlocked and can be used with gsm carriers. i have a t-mobile sim in mine now and it works just fine.  anyway, the phone itself is great. beautiful display, a loud, clear front facing speaker, runs incredibly smooth and of course the battery is a beast. plus, you get a free style mod in the box. for 400 bucks (though i got mine for 350), you can't go wrong.
great phone, i use a tracphone cardpay-plan, realistically my phone bill is less than $150 a year, finally a phone that has excellent storage, processing, and camera clarity. mods are also a cool idea but for the prices motorola sells them at, be wary of it's potential value/use to you. **side note the only annoying thing about this phone would be the lack of a usb-c to usb cable, at least they're relatively cheap.
best phone ever
this replaced my moto x style and it's a great successor. one of my favorite cell phones ever. awesome hardware, great screen, very light and thin. the battery life is astounding.
great phone, call quality is very good. the battery is my favorite feature. screen quality and performance are also very good. after factoring in the price, this phone is a great buy.
i am learning to run it a little at a time. i am 73 yrs old, so know it will take a little time to master.
