this is my second moto z.  i purchased one last year, and really like it.  overall, it is a solid phone.  my biggest issue is with the ridiculous desire by lenovo/motorola to make this the "thinnest" phone for some reason.  this results in a product with limited battery life.  i wanted a wireless charging phone, and with the wireless charging back shell, this works well.  after going this route, i decided to find one of the wireless charging battery pack moto mods, which are out there, but not as readily available as some of the other novelty mods.  the design of the phone, with the desire to have either a wireless or wireless/battery mod mounted all of the time severely limits protection choices.  the only comfortable choice i could locate was the incipio bumper case.  but you'll need to make sure you get the right one.  the moto z, moto z play and moto z force all have different phone dimensions (thicknesses) resulting in a spat of bad reviews for this case (i.e. phone falls out of case).  one of the reasons i have gravitated to the lenovo/motorola phones was the limited modifications to the stock android platform.  unfortunately, one of my previous purchases after the early moto g phones, was a moto x pure edition........which was supposed to see quicker updates.  not even close.  my first moto z though already received the oreo update two weeks ago.  unfortunately, that was about the same time my phone took a tumble and cracked the corner of the glass screen.  i decided to replace this phone with another moto z, so i bought my second one and received it yesterday.  i always try to purchase items on amazon that are actually "fulfilled by amazon", regardless of the seller.  this usually means that i get what i ordered.  in setting it up and loading the updates, i realized that something was "off."  after looking at the phone details, i realized that what i received was not a us edition (software channel = retus).  instead, i received an asion pacific variant (software channel = retapac).  this meant that the oreo update my previous moto z got did not come through on this phone.  i requested a call from amazon technical support.  the customer service rep was very pleasant, but had to arrange a return of this phone, as it is not the us retail version as advertised.  in addition, i'm not going to purchase another and gamble on having to return that one.  overall, i like the power and overall performance of the moto z, but i'm not sure making this purchase on amazon is the best choice anymore.
the wife loves it..thankfully found a good phone after trying so many other unknown brands..
camara is blurry when zooming speaker sounds bad when it's very loud
i just received this phone (in rose-gold) as a gift from my daughter after my well-loved galaxy s5 finally bit the dust, never to rise again.  have to say that i really like it.  it's fast, capable, and the fingerprint sensor works sooo much better than my old phone did.  the screen visibiity inside and out is slightly better than the old s5. both use amoled technology.  it is large, but comfortable to hold.  mine came with a wood-grain back cover, a bumper, data cord, separate power cord (was the euro-220v type, but had an adapter), headphones, 3.5mm to usb-c adapter for the headphones, and a small pick to open the sim-sd card drawer.  the phone can accept either a second sim card or a micro-sd card, it uses nano-sim cards, fwiw..  which will mean that i can keep the other sim card in place for when i travel outside of the country,  with 64gb memory, and cloud storage, i'm not terribly worried about sd card storage.  setup was a breeze, it auto-connected to both my google account and  to my service provider  so no huge setup was needed.,  when it arrived,, it had 83% charge.  charging time is reasonable, but it is a battery hog.  i have the moto-z mod for extra battery power arriving in a day or 2, which should take care of that problem for me.  but so far, i've never dipped below about 30%, and i use the phone all of the time.  the camera is fantastic, the included app is ok, but when i used the 'hd camera app', it was even better.  this phone has been fast responsive and a pleasure to use; at this price, it's a great deal.
good  i like it
awesome phone so easy to use with lots of power
the best of moto
nice quality
this was better priced at 499. 699 is asking to much for a cell phone without a lease or contract.
excellent phone i like it very fast and easy to use.
is gooog
very good
good phone.
great phone, beautiful screen, and works well. the battery is okay with the 7.0 update, can't wait to get the 7.1 update as well.
still getting use to this amazing phone... fun in your hands and easy to use.
got this from warehouse deals, best phone for the price i paid!
i love my moto z. i bought it to replace my older moto x pure. i was concerned about the small battery, but it has not been an issue for me. i keep an extra usb c cable lying around if i need some juice at work...etc, but it is rarely an issue. other than that, the hardware and the functionality is great. i'm very happy with the (nearly) stock android, and not the crap that samsung, htc, lg and others put on their phones. the hardware is great for me, very light weight, excellent screen, fast operating system.
superb phone. stable android os.
i don't write too many reviews but on this product i will. i love almost everything about this device. i have been and android fan for a while and i even have an iphone 7 but this is definitely my daily driver. the amoled panel is amazing! it really pops just as much as any samsung super amoled panel i've seen. the front flash is amazing for selfies (if you're into that sort of thing). i don't mind not having a headphone jack because i have samsung gear iconx earphones and bluedio u (ufo) bluetooth headphones.i'm all in on the bluetooth future so the head phone jack doesn't actually bother me. the moto z is incredibly well built and the thinness of the device is amazing. i marvel at it's design every time i pick it up to perform a task. the os is the google now launcher, so if you've used that before you'll love the simplicity and snappiness of the os. the little tweaks, like chop twice for flashlight and twist to launch the camera are bonus's that make this phone even better. it is able to upgrade to 7.0 out the box so you'll have almost the latest android (7.1.1 is the latest)  the one con is the battery life. because the device is 5 mm thin, it has less than the 3000 mah i think you need to run a snapdragon 820 with a 1440p 5.5" display. the battery life is subpar if you are a powerhouse multi tasker and multimedia user. but thanks to the included turbo charger and qualcomm quickcharge 3.0 this phone gets back to a %100 in no time!
love my phone better than samsung  n i bought used n it's like brand new love it n great battery life lasts all day. also depends what you do with it.
love this phone, no lag smooth stock android experience all around. love the premium feeling this phone gives with it metal and glass build.
this is a great phone for the money. beautiful design and excellent battery.
muy bueno
is an amazing smartphone
the phone is very good quality.
i like it. got the battery mod which takes away from the super slimness but i don't like running out of juice. the flashlight does not turn on with two chops. i wish that function worked. don't know if it's a defect so am pondering returning it.
just got the phone through verizon. i had no trouble with the updates as some of the one star reviewers. i'm more concerned with the performance of the phone. the phone performs flawlessly. the 21 megapixel rear camera produces great images. i'm a professional photographer /videographer and i am impressed.  the moto z runs all of my apps with ease. so far, no freezes, no crashes. this is more important to me than the latest os. i just upgraded to the moto z from the galaxy note 2!  i haven't bought any of the mods, but i might be interested in the battery mod. i give the moto z only 4 stars because of the battery life, but the turbo charger recharges the phone with lightning speed.  if you're looking for a new smartphone, i recommend the moto z. just make sure you get it through your cellular carrier.
greate phone
more than i thought...wonderfull
no issues so far, a little on the big side but knew that going in.
awesome phone, thin, fast! motorola did it again, converted a longtime apple user!
the phone itself is amazing. super fast,  thin,  and modular accessories make it the best phone. it is severely underrated. i wish motorola had better support for it though. and,  the software could use a few features like glove mode. otherwise,  it is an absolute beast.
initial review: 2/16/2017  i will break this down as best as i can.  to begin, i have at&t and am coming from a moto x pure and before that, an htc one m8.  my moto x pure is still waiting for its android 7 update.  and after reading some of the reviews on here i was worried that motorola just forgot about this device.  however, as soon as i turned it on and logged on to my wifi, i received an update notification for android 7.  i set up my phone first, installed and customized a few apps, and then updated, which took 10 minutes of time and 6% of my battery life.  so there you have it.  the android 7 update is live on this device.  the overall tactile feel of the phone is amazing.  it comes with a wood magnetic backplate and a bumper cover which actually all look just fine when placed on the phone.  i still ordered a new case...protection!  you also get the usual manuals, a charger, and a small utility to pop open the sim/memory card slot.  also included is a usb-c to headphone plug adapter, which is nice, but it should have a charge port built into that adapter as when it's plugged in, you cannot charge the phone.  the phone looks great as well.  i find the design very pleasing, although the bottom bezel protrudes a bit too far down and the camera kind of feels like i've got a rock stuck to the back of the phone lol.  but these are things that don't bother me.  what slightly bothers me is the removal of the headphone jack.  i use bluetooth headphones so i don't have a problem here, but it might be a major problem to others.  and i strongly disagree with the decision by phone manufacturers to remove it.  screen:. gorgeous screen.  i believe it's an amoled screen so go figure.  it has deep black levels and the viewing angles are good.  and it's actually quite bright.  i wasn't expecting that; my last phone with an amoled was my galaxy s4 and that screen at its brightest was about 1/3 of the brightness of this.  i tested it in the sun today and at higher brightness levels, it is easily readable in sunlight.  comparing this screen to the one on the moto x pure, i'd honestly have to give it to the x pure.  things are just ever-so slightly sharper, and i feel the colors are more accurate.  connectivity: i get about the same signal strength on gsm/lte as i did with my x pure, which was better than my htc m8.  wifi is really fast, bluetooth works well, etc.  everything here works just about as good as one would expect, at least on at&t.  ui: the ui is superb.  it's clean, simple, and extremely fast.  this is where the phone makes its night and day difference to me.  it is ridiculously faster than my moto x pure in almost every way: opening apps, browsing the web, general usage.  i'll also include bloatware here.  no carrier bloatware which is amazing and there isn't much preloaded to begin with.  it's pretty clean.  sound: not as loud as my moto x pure or my htc m8.  both of those phones have dual front-firing speakers which make watching videos or listening to music a very pleasant experience.  sound quality from the speaker is also pretty average.  i feel motorola could have done a little more work here.  i've got the call volume maxed and i have very good hearing, but i still find it needs more of a boost.  battery life: the jury is still out but it feels pretty close to my x pure right now.  that phone has a 3000mah battery compared to 2600mah on the z. i will update this as i get more information.  camera: eh.  so the camera on my moto x pure is over 20 mp (4:3), 16 mp (16:9).  the camera on the z is about 10 mp (16:9).  i have yet to take pictures and compare the two but on paper, the camera on the x may best the camera on the z - will update.
appearance - it is slim, light weight, and big. the screen is 5.5" but the surface area of the phone is bigger than other phones with the same size screen. i personally would rather the phone be a bit thicker if that would mean it wouldn't be as long. performance - so far it has been quick, the picture quality is great, the built in speaker goes to a reasonable volume (not as loud as i'd like though), comes with useful apps (spread sheet, slide show) why it's not 5 stars - i knew when buying it that it didn't have a built in headphone jack but i wish it did. i also can only find my photos that are being saved to my andriod account, if there is simply a phones gallery i can't find it without going through my andriod account. the charging port/cord is slightly different than the typical ones on phones now...this is a pro because it chargers to full in less then an hour and a half but the phone is so new that getting another cord for it is a challenge.
great product. big fan of motorola.  battery a little on the light side though. get the battery mod.
this is an amazing phone - i am most impressed by the 3 days of battery availability on a single charge.  of course, your own phone usage pattern will affect the amount of time it takes to discharge but, overall, motorola has taken the many lessons it learned from many of its products and rolled them up into this phone.  the volume and power button placement takes a little time to get used to; particularly if you are migrating from the samsung or apple lines of products.
excellent phone, very fast, the battery life is very good for the use i give to the phone, it last more than a day. the only complaint is that the notifications sounds is very low and lenovo didn't fix it yet.
the mods make it unique. buying it online avoids the cell company pricing and bloatware you cannot remove. nice to go stock android and depart from samsung touchwiz which is unnecessary.
great phone fast shipping
great smartphone! i love it. it's crazy thin and light, fast, smooth, and has a great display. the camera quality is great in daylight, but leaves much to be desired in low light (don't get me wrong though, it's far from being bad). i love the 1080p @ 60fps video recording. the fingerprint sensor is very fast and accurate. it has a single front facing speaker, but it's loud and clear. battery life is good for me, i consistently get over 4hrs sot. this device charges extremely fast, 0-100% in a little over an hour. i must say that i really love the mod ability concept (one of the main reasons i got this device). the only two mods i will be getting at the moment, however, are the jbl soundboost speaker mod and tumi battery pack. one major con though is that this device hasn't received a single os security update since launch (still running july 1st security patch), not to mention the android 7.0 nougat update which the droid versions and other country retail versions users have been enjoying for months now. i had to install it manually, which i shouldn't have to do, however, i will still give this device a 5 star review. it's disappointing that in 2017 manufacturers still don't understand how important os and security updates are to customers.
love the phone and mods. i have the extra battery, jbl speakers and the camera. i camera mod is awesome. when i travel i take my bluetooth bose speaker, a big digital camera. now i have all my mods stacked together about 3" high 6.5" long x 3" wide. great space savings and big time weight reduction. granted my really nice camera will do a much better job but this allows you to drastically improve functions of a cell phone on the fly and send you pic off right from your phone. the speaker is awesome and you get pretty good volume. would have give it 5* if they have a stronger battery inside the phone thus you should get the battery mod if you are a high user.. also i bought one for my wife so we can share the mods if she is traveling and i am not......
built in battery too small, add-on batter too large. needs a goldy locks battery ;)  needs a separate charger for external batteries.  was a mild pain to twrp to upgrade to stock nougat and android pay / capital one pay both crash.
battery life it's not great
it was amazing...
excellent product
perfect
love it
this was a present for my grandson,he said it was great.
awesome design and performance!
must say this is a great smartphone highly recommended
great phone but not working with verizon
good smartphone, has a good camera too
it is an awesome phone.  and it works in chile.
camera glass is very very very delicate.
super phone better than any samsung i have owned
big improvement over our old s3
motorola by lenovo nailed this one.. i was concerned about the battery size, but lasts all day no problem. processing speed is great and display quality is awesome! the mods are fantastic! i have the projector and the car dock and will be getting the camera soon! get. this. phone.
this is a good phone sharp graphics, the edges are over sensitive when i hold phone and different apps try to open, maybe my fingers and hands are to large, but i like the phone, it is very slippery and falls out of pocket easily also probably do to the larger dimension of the phone. doesn't make the phone bad just a new learning curve for me. life is good enjoy all the retraining you get with new and different technology.
great phone at a great price for $499, love the camera mod and wireless battery 
wonderful phone. screen is excellent, performance is great, and battery life is much better than you'd expect from the relatively low 2600mah capacity battery. moto mods work very well - i've tried the jbl speaker and the incipio battery mods. i had both this phone and a pixel xl. i bought the moto z when it was on sale for $499. at that price, it is much better value than the minimum $869 for the pixel xl. were the prices equal, the pixel xl would have edged it out, however all said, i just *like* the moto z more than the pixel xl. the only dings i have against the moto z are as follows - 1) there's a stupid notification bug which motorola/lenovo know about but i haven't yet seen a fix. 2) they've rolled out the android 7.x nougat update to the verizon droid editions of this phone, but the unlocked gsm edition is taking its sweet time and frankly it's getting frustrating.
this is possibly the best smartphone i've ever had. i found it here on amazon $200 cheaper than on lenovo website.
incredible phone! best on the market.
the moto z is by far one of the best phones that i've used in the last three to four years. coming from a galaxy note 5 i thought i was going to be disappointed. instead this phone has met every expectation it has very good battery life an excellent camera and the moto mods are an excellent add-on to get i definitely recommend this phone to anybody who wants to try something different and useful if you have any questions about the phone feel free to message me
the charger broken for nothing in a week. i have to buy a new one. that's why i just give 4 stars
truly a.good experience.
i received a 2nd moto z after returning the first for having the wrong power plug in (int'l version).  the 2nd phone has been excellent.  very fast, looks great, works great.  my only grip isn't with the phone, it is about not receiving the update yet to nougat.  this is an unlocked phone and you'd think it would receive the update sooner than the carriers.  as for people complaining about battery life...get a life.  unless you sit around playing games all day long, battery life is not an issue.  the lowest i've seen the phone drop to on normal use is from a full charge to 30%.  with the turbo charger, it only takes about 30% to bring it up to 80% and in an hour, it is at full charge.  pretty simple.  my wife and daughters all have iphones 6 and their phones have nothing on the z.  purchased a protective cover at a verizon store which fits it perfectly and makes the phone easier to handle (maybe too thin without a cover).  phone is very strong for how thin it is.  no bending issues at all.
wonderful product! me and my husband love these phones decent price for such a good product easy to use and no issues!
great phone. love using the battery mod! however my device still has not gotten the nougat update ota even though the update was released over a month ago. would give it more stars if the update would come!  updated jan 1st: still no nougat update for this phone. motorola said it would be updated 4th quarter of 2016. lowering my review to 2 stars...  updated jan 15th: still no nougat ota update for this phone. phone is currently stuck with android 6.0.1 and july 1, 2016 security patch level. system update check shows the phone is currently up to date. lowering my rating to 1 star at this time.  updated feb 13: just received the nougat update. no bugs noticed with it. rated back to 5 stars.
i thought this version was the dual sim while it's not , its a sim and sd card version , this device is already with 64 gb memory and it's enough , i hope it was a dual sim card specially on this version ..
i love my moto z! i love everything about it., the almost stock os, the moto actions, excellent battery life, great call quality, easy bluetooth connecting, the thinness and lightness of it, how fast it is, everything. i had a note 4, which was great, really great, but i had lots of complaints about the carrier (at&t), their awful non-removable bloatware, slow lte, and so many other things. i dumped them and switched to republic wireless with this phone, and i am so very happy.
amazing phone. i got the projector mod which works perfectly and is a lot of fun in a reunion.
i had been putting off getting a new phone for months even after my phone started acting up. well it finally got serious and the poor thing didn't have much time left & with my birthday around the corner i finally decided to look for a new phone. seriously right away my heart was set on this one, no questions about it, it's gorgeous, the mods!!! i had to have it, then come to find out that only verizon carried this phone :(  until, amazon to the rescue, i found this phone for $200 cheaper, unlocked for me(at&t) and as i imagined, amazing, beautiful! it works great, looks great & i couldn't be happier with my purchase! happy birthday to me :)
i have owned my droid for 3 or 4 months.  it was a step down in utility, for me, as my primary concern as a product offering was ruggedness-and not just screen ruggedness.  (there just are not any out there since the casio commando.)  it feels to me very flimsy, as do all the big screen phones, & due to its thinness & larger size it is awkward to hold on to, with gloves, even with a case-as again-are all of the large screen "thinner is better" leaning phones.  i put better than a 1 inch scratch the screen the first day i had it-(tough it is not.) it was in my pocket, with my keys-oh well-(this never never happened with the commando& i had it for over 5 years-but lesson learned.  seriously, for a $700.00 phone-this lack of durability is weak-really pretty crappy-(i mean, this isn't supposed to be an apple phone-the wife went through 3 apple phones in the time that i had my commando).  i then installed the recommended & over priced glass screen protector-which of course, -(yeah, it certainly is glass) cracked when the phone was dropped on its edge.  i will never buy a glass screen protector again).  for people who use the phone as a phone, and i do-the battery life is awesome, at least for me.  i routinely get a day and a half out of it, before battery charge gets down into low 'teens.  the camera is more than adequate for photos-(ps-if the resolution is disappointing-get over it-it is a phone that has a camera feature, it is not a camera-but for the price...).  of course, i don't play the games, or stream videos, or surf the web much-of which this phone will do, so that likely explains my battery life.  i have the hot spot option, which is a necessary evil for me.  i cannot complain about that either, it is great too.  even with two bars of signal strength, ookla speed test shows a 24 gig download speed-much better than what i pay for at home, and cheaper too  all in all, it stops short of being a "great" phone for me, as it is to delicate, as they all are these days, seemingly.  it does have the obligatory bloat wear, and for the price of the phone, that should be easy to get rid of by deletion, but not so.  and that brings me to my sole complaint on the phone.  the price is absurdly expensive.  as they all are.  but, flip phone days are over, aren't they.
great phone, priced much better than the 32 gig model on the moto website.  the mods and gestures are very intuitive and useful.  do not buy the leather back, kind was rather flimsy, not fitting well.  otherwise it's an awesome device priced almost $200 less than on the moto site!
glad i brought it
it does more than my wife's i-phone
phone was brand new in the box, comes dual sim!! couldn't be happier with the phone
excellent. massive screen. fast. beautiful. i don't miss at all my samsung or iphone. next month will buy the projector. i will go to the back yard and project a movie for my kids!!  (3 weeks after). i love the phone. the only issue is that it keeps restarting. yesterday, it restarted twice. i decided to give this one back, and get the same phone hoping it won't restart. the size, the screen, how fast it works...up to now, makes it a great cell. it's beautiful. i got a stylish and resistant cover and it looks amazing. next month, i will buy the projector and i will let you know.
out of all the motos i've tried, this one is the best. my only issue is not having a headphone jack but that's minor compared to how amazing this phone is. my favorite phone i've ever owned. trumped the samsung j7 i previously had.
i just love motorola phones! i've had blackberry, htc, samsung and nexus phones and none of them hold a candle to motorola. this thing is a battery powerhouse and super thin! love the size!
for me, this is the perfect phone. flagship specs, razor thin design, moto mod functionality, near stock android.
in loveee!!
best android phone ever. moto did i'd right again by adding more gesture features , which no phones has. wish they make a smaller 4.7 version.
ive been a motorola owner since the original moto x in 2013. i switched from the galaxy s3 because the x offered features i really cared about, not useless gimmicks. the moto z thankfully continues that idea with legitimately innovative mods.  first the design; whenever i first see a new moto phone, i think, my god thats ugly! why would they change what works? but then i actually start using the phone and that opinion changes. the moto z is (in my opinion) one of the most beautiful smartphones ever made, right up there with the iphone 4 and htc one m7. the glass and aluminum feels just as good as the galaxy s6 and the style shells you can get for it provide that customization motorola is famous for. however, i must admit, i hate the way the front of the phone looks. the giant fingerprint sensor combined with huge top and bottom bezels with no stereo speakers is a step back from something they've been doing since 2014. i really wish the fingerprint scanner could have been placed on the back or made smaller, anything.  as for the rest of the hardware, there is unfortunately no headphone jack. i personally don't mind this since i use bluetooth, but its disappointing that its gone. the phone is crazy thin and that makes it feel unique without feeling fragile. (look up bend tests to see what i mean). the camera hump is huge and annoying, but putting a style shell fixes that. the screen is one of the best i've ever seen, only surpassed by the s7. i wish wireless charging came standard without moto mods, but thats probably not a big deal for most people.  the software is simply put, the best android has ever been. (i haven't used the pixel so i can't comment on that). as many others have said, this phone does android better than google and they're right. features like moto display and moto voice have become things i've really got used to over the years, and the gestures like the quick camera launch should be on every phone. its also super slick and responsive, as stock android usually is, and its nice to already have nougat.  the camera is great by motorola standards, good by all else. it takes a while to focus and tends to overexpose in certain scenes, and low light is just not on par with the iphone 7 or s7. in well lit areas, it performs well, with my only issues being a little bit of over sharpening on edges and some digital noise. the camera software on the other hand is far better than previous moto phones. there are more controls available with a manual mode included. 4k video is included, but i don't have a 4k screen so i just stick to 1080p, which can be shot either at 30fps hdr or 60fps regular. slo-mo is included with 720p at 120fps, which kinda sucks. the iphone 7 can shoot at 240fps and has time-lapse modes as well. i'm sure these can be added with updates, but there's no guarantee of that.  the moto mods are a great idea, but a little expensive. i love the idea of being able to add functionality to the phone in a snap, but they really do require an investment. i bought a battery and the camera mods shortly after the phone, and they do come in handy. (i have full reviews of both products on my profile) using the mods is dead simple. you snap them on the back and they instantly connect and react, it just works. some fun ideas for moto mods might be something that can dock your phone so you could use it like a computer, a game controller, or how about a solar charger on the back?  battery life is ok. if you aren't using it too heavily, you'll end the day with 10-15%. you won't get two days out of it, at least without mods.  overall, im happy with this phone. i wish it had a better camera and battery along with some design changes, but i cant deny how well it does other things. the mods perfectly integrated into the main experience and the software is quick and responsive with some fun features. great job moto.
after a day using the phone, i am very pleased.  battery life is good for a day of heavy use.  screen is amazingly crisp and bright.  camera is good.  call quality, as reported by folks i was talking to, is also very good/excellent.  i like the moto actions (chop-chop to turn on flashlight, twist-twist to activate camera, even when screen is locked), but i am not a fan of the google now launcher, so i installed the arrow launcher, and that is a big improvement.  i wish the phone had heartbeat sensor like my note 4 did, and i do miss the multiple apps on the screen that the note had, but the thin, light nature of this phone certainly makes up for it.  gaming performance is flawless for everything i have tried so far.  i will likely end up replacing the stock camera app as it's pretty basic.  but that's the advantage of almost pure stock android, i get to choose what i want, and i don't have a bunch of junk i don't use hanging around unable to be removed.  the magnet holding the backplate on is very secure, but i have not had any issues removing it.  the phone also came with a plastic bumper to protect the edges, but with that on, you can't access the sim/sd card tray. (phone uses nano-sim, so i had to get a new one as the note 4 uses a larger card)  i don't expect to need to go into that often once i get a new sd card, so that's not a big problem, but it's a bit annoying.  another ergonomic thing i have to get used to is the placement of the side buttons for power and volume.  on my note 4 the power button was on one side and the volume buttons on the other, but on the moto z they are all on the same side, with the power below the volume buttons, which seems counter-intuitive.  the lack of the s-pen won't affect me much, as i rarely ended up using that as it was.  same goes for the headphone jack.  i haven't used a wired headset in over a year.  the moto z does come with a small adapter cable to allow you to convert the usb 3.1c port to a 1/8" rca jack, if you need one.  data speeds are as expected, using at&t's lte.  wifi uses both 2.4ghz and 5ghz bands, bluetooth and nfc both work well, as evidenced by the connection initiated during initial configuration.  i used the google setup tool to copy settings from my note 4 and all it took was a bump of the two devices.  i haven't used the fingerprint reader, but others i know with the same model say it works great.  update: i dropped the phone the other day, from a little lower than pants pocket height, onto blacktop in a parking lot.  the phone landed on the bottom corner (bumper was in place, thankfully) and while the bumper was scuffed, as was the mophie battery mod i had installed, there was no significant damage to the phone.  the battery mod popped off, and i suspect the force needed to separate the magnets absorbed most of the impact.  the phone and mod are still both working fine.
voice recognition and car modes work so much better than my iphone 6s which this replaced. battery life has been good, but drops noticeably when in a poor signal area. the moto mods are a great option. i love that the supplied back snaps on and takes all the abuse so that no case is required. the back cover can be easily replaced or upgraded while the phone remains undamaged from normal wear and tear - at least to the back. i do wish this unlocked version had the same camera (21 instead of 16 megapixels) as the verizon version. i despise verizon for using their size to force manufacturers to lock premium devices and features to that one network.
great phone, love the mods.
pros  * battery life due to lack of bloatware is great. * 5.5 screen with 64 gb storage a bargain at this price point * modular skins * screen resolution  cons  * camera slightly behind samsung in terms of sharpness and auto focus * cast function inoperable unless you have chromecast.  using allcast third party app. * speaker is ok but not close to htc m10 or galaxy 6-7 models  solid 4 1/2 star phone ... not perfect but worthy of competing with htc, samsung and lg.
i've been using a moto z on at&t for a while now, and it's definitely my favorite phone.  easy to set up, very intuitive to use, quick, great photos, love the moto features such as voice, notifications. i will never again own a phone where i cannot twist my wrist to take a photo or use chop-chop for flashlight on/off. love how it syncs with my watch, i that a great. i use it for tracking my steps / exercise, it's basically my laptop on the go, since i always need to be connected.  have played with the mods a bit and love the projector and speakers, those are my favorites!
this is a pretty cool phone, though i still prefer my original moto x design from 2013, which i am still using btw - i've had 3 of them. my biggest gripe with the moto z is that it is just too damn big. yeah it is nice and thin, but the overall dimensions are just huge and overkill for how i use the phone. there are a group of people out there like myself who prefer a 4.7" or 5" handset. i walk around with my phone in my front pocket everyday at work using it for both business communications and technical issues encountered in r&d. i don't need a phablet as i have a proper computer on my desk. i need a top tier portable phone. the apple iphone 7 comes in 4.7" and the google pixel in 5" (in addition to their larger 5.5" offerings). moto, can you build a smaller version of the moto z for us?
it is really the breakthrough innovation of smart phone in 2016. the mods lift all the limit that a smart phone can not do. such as amazing photo, audio and even portal projector.
i love this phone. there are so many apps and the battery life lasts so long that i kept playing on it for days. after a few days of constant use i died of dehydration. i call my family every night precisely at 3:13 a.m. from beyond the grave. the reception is great!!! i recommend this phone to any person living or dead.
i came to this phone from a moto g first gen. that phone had 3g, fast enough wifi, a decent processor for the time, and a 4.5" screen. i started to notice the slowdown a few months after i updated to android 5.0, and then it really hit home when i tried to play pokemon go. i decided then that i would upgrade my phone when i had the money. i did a lot of research, so i will try to highlight both what made me choose this phone over others and how it holds up.  the processor: this phone has the second-fastest processor available these days, the snapdragon 820. it does run very smoothly most of the time. like any phone, it stutters in a very small number of circumstances. for this phone, the only time it slows down is when i start a new message to a person i've never texted before. kind of obscure, i know. the phone is fast, except for these few times.  the screen: i was worried i wouldn't want a phone that was this big (5.5" screen, with a pretty small screen-to-body ratio). i was worried it wouldn't fit in my pocket. i was wrong. i like the big screen, and it fits just fine in my pocket. plus, it's gorgeous, and about as high-definition as you could want. i've read reviews that say it's too reflective of a screen on a sunny day, but i disagree. i've also heard it's a fingerprint magnet, but i disagree. it attracts way fewer fingerprints than any other touchscreen i've used.  the battery: i've read some bad things about this as well. it does not pack a very big battery, given that most phones pack at least a 3000 ma-hr battery these days. i can't say i'm overly impressed by it either. however, i purchased the incipio off-grid power pack, the wireless charging version. with that spare battery on the back, it does two days of moderate use, no problem.  the fingerprint reader: this thing is lightning fast. i've read good things about the nexus phones having ultra-fast fingerprint readers, but i can't imagine it going much faster than this. it doesn't do the thing that galaxy phones and iphones do, where they first go to the home screen, think about it for a second, and then finally unlock the phone. it goes straight to your home screen. this doesn't seem like much of a difference (probably only about half a second faster), but think how many times you unlock your phone per day, per week, per year? the moto z is where it's at. side note, though: the fingerprint reader sits on a rather large black "chin" on the front of the phone. this does look kind of weird, especially when the three black android navigation buttons are present on the screen right above the reader.  the camera: this is one area where the moto z loses to its competition. both the galaxy s7 and the iphone 7 have better cameras. i've also heard good things about the pixel. the moto z has a good camera, don't get me wrong. but it's not the best. if you want examples of photos from its camera, there are lots of reviews online where they took the same picture at the same time with several different phones. i would suggest looking at those for the best comparison.  the body: this phone is slim. super slim. when i snap the battery mod on, the whole thing becomes normal-phone sized. so maybe you're thinking, "yikes, is this phone going to snap in two in my pocket?" i thought the same, and so i consulted jerry rig everything, a youtube channel. on the video for this phone, a very strong man (who was able to easily snap the nexus 6p) tries to break it, and comments how strong it is. i was impressed. another thing to consider about the body is that the camera is a very large bulge coming out of the back, unless you either attach a mod, or attach the back cover that comes with it. if you want it as thin as possible, you can take everything off. it's just that the camera will stick out like a sore thumb. it's really a stylistic choice for you to make.  the headphone jack: ok, i lied. there is no headphone jack. this is more of a problem than i would have thought before i bought it. they do include an adapter, and it actually produces good sound at a good volume, but if you lose it you're kind of out of luck. there really aren't any spare adapters on the market yet, not even from motorola. the only ones you can get on amazon are from asia somewhere and have some pretty bad reviews. i think as the market catches on, some quality ones will come forward, but for now there are few options.  the software: lenovo (the makers of this moto phone) does a really good job of leaving the android experience very clean. the only things they add to it are (generally) helpful. moto voice is a female assistant much like cortana or siri, and it's useful but it has its quirks. moto actions let you turn on the camera or flashlight with specified hand movements; notices when you reach for your phone and lights up the screen; lets you put your phone in "do not disturb" by turning it over; and turns the phone's ringer to "vibrate" when you pick it up to answer. i turned off a couple of features, and you can turn any of them off if you want: the flashlight seems kind of dangerous, the way they have you shake the phone so hard. also, there is a feature that allows you to shrink the screen to a smaller size by swiping up from the bottom; i didn't find this to be useful. other than these features, there are no apps pre-installed on the phone. it's also unlocked for gsm, so you can use it on the two us carriers that use this technology, as well as in many places outside of the us. be aware that you cannot use it on cdma networks.  signal/battery issues: i get a good signal at home, but at work, inside the building at my desk, i get nothing whatsoever. the phone appears to search for a signal the whole day, and it causes the battery to drain rather quickly. while you could classify this as a network issue, i wish the phone would stop searching for a signal trying, or at least stop using so much power in searching so often, at least until the signal improves.  the "fast charging": this phone really does charge fast, and the battery mod is no slouch either. right now i'm charging it using the moto charger that came with it, and it went from 22% to 65% in 30 minutes. then it went up to 93% after a total of 53 minutes. however, all of the flagship phones come with fast charging these days, so it's not a stand-out feature. a side note is that this version of the incipio battery mod includes wireless charging, but the phone itself doesn't come with it out of the box. on a $700 phone, this should be a standard feature (i'm looking at you, apple).  the memory: this phone has a respectable 4gb of ram, and a solid 64gb of storage. it also has an sd card slot, which is helpful but i probably will never need it.  the waterproof-ness: this phone is basically not waterproof. i think they list it as "splashproof", but it does not have a specific ipxx rating. if you want to drop it in the pool or go taking pictures out in a heavy rainstorm, this isn't likely to survive.  the mods: moto mods are pretty cool. i have both the battery and the speaker mods, which are both worth the money. i wouldn't buy the camera lens or the projector, because those are too expensive for what you get. i'm hopeful that moto will continue to push for more mods. if you have an idea for one, by the way, motorola has development kits to speed you on your way; they want mods to become a prolific thing!  the price: this phone is priced the same as the galaxy s7 and the iphone 7, so it's clear they're targeting the same folks. when i got one, the clincher that put me over the edge is that they took $150 off of the price in order to undercut samsung and apple. it was a limited time offer, and it may not be available by the time you read this. i do believe that the $550 i paid was worth it. on a side note, the galaxy s7 is coming available this black friday at best buy for the same price. however, i'm not too disappointed i chose moto. the screen is bigger, the capabilities are expandable, and i've always liked moto phones.  the verdict: i like this phone. if it was priced at $550 all the time, i would give it five stars. at $700 it's too expensive for what you get. but hey, aren't the iphone and the galaxy the same way? in the end the choice is yours between this and the other flagships, but aside from the waterproof features of the s7 / iphone 7, i prefer this phone.  edit 11/29/16: after having this phone for almost a month, i wanted to add just one detail: the camera lens scratches way too easily. i can't keep my keys in the same pocket as my phone anymore. they don't scratch the screen even remotely, but they scratch the camera lens so easily. not a huge deal, but a letdown nonetheless. it doesn't change my rating, but it slightly sways the argument towards buying another flagship phone over this one.
motorola/lenovo is not prepared to support this phone in any way. their moto care accident protection, which is advertised on the literature that comes with the phone, is still not available. if you purchase your phone directly from motorola it is now available. however, for anyone that bought their phone before that was an option, it is still not available. so, and amazon may correct me here, if you buy it from amazon you'll have no way to purchase moto care. this is not in any way a knock against amazon since it is not their fault. i don't even like writing this review here since i love amazon, but i think everyone considering purchasing this phone should know about it. maybe it will even force motorola to work harder and fixing this. it took over two months to make moto care available to people at the time they purchase it.  i continue to ask on their support forum for updates on when it will be available post-purchase and the only response i have seen is,   "moto care is now available for moto z (non-droid versions) at the time of device purchase. we're still working on post-sales purchase, but this is progress, anyway!"  so, as far as i can tell by talking to customer service and on the forum, if i happen to break my phone i am stuck with the full repair bill or wait, with a broken phone, for moto care to become available. that is assuming they will still let me purchase it when/if it does become available. with the lack of customer service i have seen so far, i wouldn't be surprised if they tell me that i have had the phone for too long for moto care to be available for purchase. i have a reference number for when i called customer service about this, within 30 days of purchasing the phone, but if it takes two more months to get this fixed i will seriously doubt that the reference number will matter.  again, this is not amazon's fault. in fact, i wish i would have purchased the phone through amazon. amazon's customer service has always been fantastic and they would probably do something to rectify the situation if someone was to break their phone before moto care is available, but there is no way to know for sure.  so, don't buy this phone yet.
the unit has performed very well thus far. no problems with att compatibility - strong reception, works well teathered. with the moto-mod camera affixed, it is an ideal solution to having both a phone and decent if not spectacular camera along for the ride (and the price for the bundle was the clincher).  battery life seems fine, the quick recharge is helpful. it seems to recharge fastest from the motorola charger; i have used other  qualcomm 3.0 chargers - its says "turbo charging" when connected - but the charge time seems to be noticeably longer...
excellent android phone i ever used too disappointed iphone 7 switching from ios to android  i usually don't do review but this moto z is smooth fast clean stock rom so thin and light motorola really did good job this time i think this is best phone in the market now i really enjoy this phone excellent excellent 
motorola has been through it all, and when they were on the down-slide, they hit a homerun with their moto x brand.  yes, the devices didn't sell so hot...but android purists take a special liking to "x" phones as the software is top top top notch.  welcome moto z...it's a moto x, and more!  also...it's more money, but it's probably worth, just not to everyone!  the software is moto, the design...motorola influenced!  with that, if you are looking for a premium device, this is a premium device.  sure, you might not like the fingerprint reader layout, the buttons are high (hard to reach), and the famous moto dimple is no more...but this is still a fantastic build.  the wood panels also feel fantastic and complement the device very well while holding it.  the device comes with a back panel, just so you know!  oh yes...no mic jack.  get over it.  all manufactures have said that they will soon not support 3.5 jacks.  the software is incredible.  do you have a car bluetooth?  yes?  this phone will be your best friend while driving.  flawless voice commands that are the best on the market.  texting by voice alone has never been so easy.  what moto adds to stock android is incredible.  why can't other manufacturers do this???  moto mods.  mine are coming in the mail.  i've used them.  yes, they are too expensive.  the battery pack might be worth it and the speaker to some.  if you buy the projector...you must have kids or have money to burn!  i can't wait to see what else they come up with for mods, but the so far they are too pricey and don't meet up to most people's expectations.  keep in mind, on the jbl, you can adjust the bass up a bit more if bass is your thing.  do this through the eq on the phone.  the battery.  it's good, just not great.  this will last most users all day, with 10% to spare at bedtime.  it's not bad.  i'm guessing that 7.0 will increase battery life some.  also, turn on battery saver and the battery saver for the individual apps.  this does help.  if you are an average user, the battery won't disappoint, but it won't be a major plus either.  this is really a 4.5 device.  it's a great start for mod devices and i can't wait to see what the moto line has in store in the future.  the best ideas in android are with moto.  from software to these mods, motorola is continuing major steps in the right direction.  plus +  build quality (9/10) mods (great idea...too expensive) screen (above average) fingerprint scanner off/on function (works wwway better than samsung on the s7) great simple camera software (thank you) best android software experience moto voice can actually help you  middle  camera (best from moto, middle of the road in the industry) battery (should get you through the day) whites (a little too blue) volume buttons (wwway up there!)  cons -  big chin! device feels terrible without backplate (kinda sharp) device is too big if you never use fingerprint scanner low light photos (could be fixed with update) the moto logo on the front (really???)
one of the best android ever made. the battery for a 2600mah is excellent. getting 4 to 5hr ost. the camera is spectacular. there is zero lag in this phone compare to the bloated skins phones from korea. here is a few photos i took with this phone [...]
awesome phone even though it has horrible battery life but it's okay cause i got the offgrid batt mod. also for those of you wondering if a case can be used with the mods, the answer is no! those cases that have a hole exposing the pins are useless and misleading. the phone comes with a bumper cover for side protection and the mods protect the back
no regrets!! received the product two days before the promised date! i'm completely satisfied with the phone! it's neat, sleek and perfect in design and none of the bloatware in the software side just makes it all the more better. also, black is definitely the right color to choose when it comes to this phone!
just got it, love it. works flawlessly, love the clean android ui. this phone is sure to be a banger! will report back after some use :d
excellent android phone i ever used too disappointed iphone 7 switching from ios to android  i usually don't do review but this moto z is smooth fast clean stock rom so thin and light motorola really did good job this time i think this is best phone in the market now i really enjoy this phone excellent excellent 
motorola has been through it all, and when they were on the down-slide, they hit a homerun with their moto x brand.  yes, the devices didn't sell so hot...but android purists take a special liking to "x" phones as the software is top top top notch.  welcome moto z...it's a moto x, and more!  also...it's more money, but it's probably worth, just not to everyone!  the software is moto, the design...motorola influenced!  with that, if you are looking for a premium device, this is a premium device.  sure, you might not like the fingerprint reader layout, the buttons are high (hard to reach), and the famous moto dimple is no more...but this is still a fantastic build.  the wood panels also feel fantastic and complement the device very well while holding it.  the device comes with a back panel, just so you know!  oh yes...no mic jack.  get over it.  all manufactures have said that they will soon not support 3.5 jacks.  the software is incredible.  do you have a car bluetooth?  yes?  this phone will be your best friend while driving.  flawless voice commands that are the best on the market.  texting by voice alone has never been so easy.  what moto adds to stock android is incredible.  why can't other manufacturers do this???  moto mods.  mine are coming in the mail.  i've used them.  yes, they are too expensive.  the battery pack might be worth it and the speaker to some.  if you buy the projector...you must have kids or have money to burn!  i can't wait to see what else they come up with for mods, but the so far they are too pricey and don't meet up to most people's expectations.  keep in mind, on the jbl, you can adjust the bass up a bit more if bass is your thing.  do this through the eq on the phone.  the battery.  it's good, just not great.  this will last most users all day, with 10% to spare at bedtime.  it's not bad.  i'm guessing that 7.0 will increase battery life some.  also, turn on battery saver and the battery saver for the individual apps.  this does help.  if you are an average user, the battery won't disappoint, but it won't be a major plus either.  this is really a 4.5 device.  it's a great start for mod devices and i can't wait to see what the moto line has in store in the future.  the best ideas in android are with moto.  from software to these mods, motorola is continuing major steps in the right direction.  plus +  build quality (9/10) mods (great idea...too expensive) screen (above average) fingerprint scanner off/on function (works wwway better than samsung on the s7) great simple camera software (thank you) best android software experience moto voice can actually help you  middle  camera (best from moto, middle of the road in the industry) battery (should get you through the day) whites (a little too blue) volume buttons (wwway up there!)  cons -  big chin! device feels terrible without backplate (kinda sharp) device is too big if you never use fingerprint scanner low light photos (could be fixed with update) the moto logo on the front (really???)
one of the best android ever made. the battery for a 2600mah is excellent. getting 4 to 5hr ost. the camera is spectacular. there is zero lag in this phone compare to the bloated skins phones from korea. here is a few photos i took with this phone [...]
awesome phone even though it has horrible battery life but it's okay cause i got the offgrid batt mod. also for those of you wondering if a case can be used with the mods, the answer is no! those cases that have a hole exposing the pins are useless and misleading. the phone comes with a bumper cover for side protection and the mods protect the back
no regrets!! received the product two days before the promised date! i'm completely satisfied with the phone! it's neat, sleek and perfect in design and none of the bloatware in the software side just makes it all the more better. also, black is definitely the right color to choose when it comes to this phone!
just got it, love it. works flawlessly, love the clean android ui. this phone is sure to be a banger! will report back after some use :d
great phone
so far i'm loving the moto z unlocked version. got it home easy set up and had no problems with using my cricket sim card.
the phone is great. sleek and smart look. the finger touch lock is great! it lasts for 8 hours without battery backup for moderate workday use. (i expected more battery backup though!) the camera is great. point to be noted: it does not have an inbuilt 3.5mm plug but comes with a separate 3.5mm pin holder within the box itself. however, the product does not have usb cable along with its package. you need to buy a separate one.
so far seems great
i've worked in wireless for a decade. i've had probably, gosh, 80 phones or so. this one is among my favorites. there's not really a down side and it does everything a solid b+. the cost to benefit ratio is stellar. i paid 160$ for this  i also like to freeze cool whip and have it for a low cal sweet treat! but shhh don't tell anyone.
watch out for "us warranty" claim.  one reason i purchased this phone was because it claimed a us warranty, but motorola will not back the warranty, and the seller simply told me i could return the item (motorola won't even allow me to register the device with them, and seller claims they bought it directly from motorola).  a relative purchased the same phone through a different seller (also, on amazon), and he ran into the same issue.  if you want a motorola-backed warranty, be aware that you may not get it if there is a seller other than amazon involved.  otherwise, the phone is a fantastic upgrade from my moto x 2nd gen.  quite a size jump in length of device, but i do love the fingerprint reader (which is mainly what takes up the extra length of the phone).  i am highly disappointed in the deceptive warranty part, but the actual phone is wonderful!
excellent phone but it did not have earbuds and i did not want to spend another $90 to buy wireless earbuds
i was looking hard at the moto x4 and the moto g5s+ before i bought this. both were a big upgrade from my 2014 moto x, and both were reasonably priced. i also spent hours and days comparing phones from huawei/honor, lg, nokia, sketchy no-name chinese brands etc.  i initially bought a used example for $260ish, which didn't recognize my sim card, but got to know it for most of a month while i waited for a new sim card to come in. it was my phone for at home when there's no signal anyway. the new sim didn't work so i returned. by that point, the "new in box" price of the moto z had dropped to $299. if you're still looking at a moto z, go for it.  it blows new models with similar price out of the water. with the wood "style shell" that comes with it, it almost feels as good as my old moto x. really, it's what i did when i bought my moto x just after the moto x pure came out. last year's top of the line beats this year's mid/budget for the same price.
super thin and light.  great screen.  photos have come out good when indoors. ton of memory for my needs.  android upgraded as soon as i had it running. no need to spend 2 or 3 times mores for a 8,9, or x if you just want a good phone.  can't wait to get the projector mod.
great phone that has all the features that i wanted, and despite it being an amazon warehouse deal that was supposedly there for who knows what reason, there was not a mark on it, absolutely no indication whatsoever that it had ever even been out of the box plus it had all of it's accessories with it, unlike most of the refurbished phones. and for those who would like to know, i simply took the sim card out of my old tracfone, inserted it into this new moto, booted it up, and it worked perfectly. it came out of the box with android 6 installed, but upon initial boot up, it immediately went to work downloading & installing android 7. once that was done, it proceeded to update many other things, one at a time, until everything was fully updated. i also like that it has a 64 gb internal memory so i am able to download all kinds of apps without running out of space. current count is 114 apps and i still have only used less that 16.5 gb.
best smartphone ever
i will purchase this product again.  i love it.
battery life is a little underwhelming but i love everything else about the moto z
my moto is my fav christmas present! it's lightweight and power lasts for days---i have to get used to inconsistently charging. i am a former blackberry user, yes the phone was all that, but my kids always complained about, get this, my emojis. some of the fuctions require too much hunting but i'm getting used to all the functions. i am waiting for my moto mod projector and hope it merits great reviews, too.
exelent product
been using it for 2 weeks now. everything works great.
super fast charging. great display. the screen can easily be seen outdoors. fast snappy. love it quality build. moto mods option but i have a portable charger.
it probably too soon to say whether or not i love this phone but there are a few things i can say. it has great battery life i used to have to charge my old phone every day around 3 not with the moto z it lasts the whole day. a few things that i have problems with the phone, i didn't realize it does not  have an aux, secondly its currently running android nougat 7.1 which apparently is the cause if its bluetooth not working( will update once phone updates if this is still a problem), also it has a usb c plug so i had to go buy all new cords. everything else about the phone is great its quick, calls are clear, and i no longer have to charge it twice a day.
all ok
it's a great phone! the only thing that sucks is the battery life isn't that great. it's nice to have a charger around since it does charge fairly quick.
good product, no problem ...
i don't have to much to said  excellent very good
well, i have had this mobile for 5 months now and i have mixed feelings, in one side this works flawlessly it never lags, i can open multiple apps without issues, the call quality is good, the camera is also very good during the day some amazing pictures but during the night its pretty avrg. on the build quality it feels good and strong even when its so thin!! the screen looks amazing and the sound is good.  on the wrong side, the part of the back is some type of metal but it has a some sort of glass finish, it looks great!! however it catches a lot of dust and fingerprints really annoying, so i decided to cover it with one of the official covers, and i was really disappointed on how cheap it was , to be honest i was expected much more quality to go with this high quality mobile, i havent tried the leather one (very expensive compared to the others), just the nilon red and black ones and was very disappointed. other thing that i noticed last week is that the glass on the part of the back camera is already broken, i dont know how it did happen (since i havent dropped it or hit my phone i'm always really careful with them) and whatever happen i can say its because of the bad design on the camera i was expecting it to get scratched(i dont have any scratch yet)  because of the design but not broken. on the battery side it barely made it to the end of the day but it was expected with a 2600 battery. so overall i feel like this phone could have been more, i have yet to try the speaker mod
excellent product!, it is a good high-end  terminal and it doesn't have any anoying customization from the manufacturer. nice an neat phone!
my son uses this phone.  the software on the phone itself is very good and there is no bloatware to be found.  the main gripe with the phone is the design decision to make it very thin which decreases the size of the battery.  you will specifically want to buy a moto mod battery case to ensure the phone will last a full/long day.  the phone came with a bumper case (only protects sides) and a moto style case.  ps: daydream works well on this device.  like all of the current certified phones, the moto z will heat up a lot.  give it and yourself plenty of breaks when daydream is in use.
i've had this phone for a couple months now and the novelty still hasn't worn off. love this phone! very fast and responsive. would definitely recommend.
love it
when my recently paid off samsung s6 edge started coming apart because the battery was expanding and forcing it apart, and calls to tmobile and samsung failed, i looked for something else. samsung wanted 200 plus dollars to repair their failed battery and tmobile offered a samsung s7 for $200, i said no and they quickly dropped the price to free! i don't want to negotiate, i wanted my phone to be reliable for the $800 i spent on it! glad i purchased this moto z, it works great and because i bought it without all the crap bloat wear, it's even better. just put the sims card from the samstung into the moto and never had a problem!
best.moto.phone.yet! if the luscious detail and color pop of the display doesn't grab you, the speed of operation may well do the trick! for example: this thing flies through updates. as an indicator; a 22m update for google docs will take approximately four to six seconds to perform. on the moto x2 i upgraded from, the same install process for that single update would have lasted well over 20 seconds. to me this is a huge step forward in processing power. it takes at&t lte longer to download the updates than it takes the moto z to install them.  the fingerprint detection is fantastic, once you go through the set up process. i chose to bind the phone's detection system with a finger from each of my hands, which is very helpful. the reader is really nimble, virtually instant, and the reader square is easy to find with one's fingertip in the dark. like i said, the fingerprint reader is super responsive; more so than my recent vintage laptop's fingerprint reader. i think the verbal interface is beginning to shine, and gets most of my speech right. commands spoken to the phone, initiated by a key phrase (default is "google now" to 'wake up' its ears, example:  "google now  set timer 8 minutes". the phone will reply:  "okay, starting timer 8 minutes." i think the default wake-up is cheesy. i changed my wake-up phrase to something uniquely my own.  for adventures in the power of this phone's features, run an internet search for "15 first things every moto z droid and moto z force droid owner should do" and read through what phandroid put together. the tenth point:  'activate googles secret menu and speed up your device' is one such gem. i would have never come across it otherwise.  speaking of update downloads. this is about when i first brought up the phone (after i took it to at&t store to get the sim changed. note: while i had the sim tray open i added the sandisk extreme 128gb microsdxc card i brought along from another amazon purchase i made when ordering the phone. 192gb of storage with a fast quad core cpu - yes!! i reconfigured the camera app to use this storage instead of the phone's onboard.) the nitty gritty of first set up: there was a verrry long, drawn out series of mammoth updates to the initial build of the phone as shipped. first the screen prompted me to okay a system upgrade to version 7. (android nougat). sure; why not. 1.5gb of download and one or more reboots later... then several rounds of motorola's updates, totaling over 200m... and more reboots. then google joined the party to announce it had another 250mb+ of updates, for apps. well, better to have all this done up front than sometime later. i should add that you will also need a wi-fi connection for the phone during this procedure - because some of these updates won't run over the carrier, and the phone will tell you when you must connect to wi-fi in order to continue. come to think of it, after all this updating i began to get a battery low indicator even though i had it connected to the charger. i found that by unplugging the cord and turning it over (usb-c is a symmetrically shaped plug) the phone suddenly woke up to 'charger connected'. call me superstitious, but i put a sharpie marker dot on the top side of the plug so i would always plug it in that way, if it was a problem? maybe i didn't have it pushed all the way in tight. that's just as possible. the metal plug should completely disappear into the phone port or it isn't securely connected.  the charger i received with this moto z is considerably different than the charger that came with the moto x2. for one, its now "turbo" (15-watt) which speeds up charging to three times faster than the moto x. you can get a 40% charge in 25 minutes, or from 0-100% in about 80 minutes. the ac plug end of the charging cable is now quite large (2"h x 1.75"w x .875"d) and it is permanently attached to the cord. that means if you want/need a way to cable-connect your moto z to another computer you will need to purchase a separate cable: a usb type a to type c male-male.  there's only one quirk (con?) i can think to point out about this phone. perhaps it's related to or has something to do with the security posture? security i enabled by activating its fingerprint reader, which also prompted me to establish an access pattern from an array of dots arranged on the screen like a touchtone phone key pad. (in fact, those dots are numbers on a touchtone key pad. memorize what the number string associated with your saved access pattern equates to. i have read that there are certain instances where people have found themselves stranded facing a password prompt they didn't know they had input. however, they did - as a pattern! which is numerical under the hood.) anyway, to the point of my gripe:  when i power on the phone after shut down, it boots up with a spiel of graphics, then screen prompts me for the access pattern i set the phone to, and then it boots all over again! some research indicates that this is because the first time is to access android and the 2nd time is to access the desktop. however, it seems to me this process could be streamlined not to look like two complete boot ups. i have gotten over the much-lamented lack of a 3.5mm audio plug - for which the phone comes packaged with an 5" long adapter/dongle which converts the phone's type c usb port into a 3.5mm stereo audio jack for wired headphones or speakers.
i've ordered one previously and it turns out it was a defective one. it kept turning on and off itself and constantly going into a boot loop and then shuting down. i've received a replacement phone and i have gotta give it 5 stars! absolutely good phone and screen is gorgeous!
i have a windows phome. it doesn't compare to this one. it has so many other features.
i really love this phone, however for the first time ever with a phone (and i've had a cell phone steady since 1997) my speaker has gone to crap. it works but you can't understand anything. or take any calls without a bluetooth ear piece, which is rather inconvenient at times. now i have to get it fixed at who knows the cost, because my retarded phone company didn't properly update my phone.
excellent phone
