horrible.  if there was a moto/android phone that would turn me away from this line it would be this one.  the battery is horrible!  the camera for some reason keeps rebooting it!  battery wont hold.  you literally have to walk around w/ a damn portable battery to be able to even use this thing.
really great phone just don't break it! it does not have a us warranty as advertised. motorola said they are not an authorized user to sell their phones! so if it breaks it is on you!!!
it should be know that not all carriers can activate this phone. i have a verizon contract and have for 10yrs. verizon told me after hours of trying to jail break the phone,you that at&t  could turn it on. so know i have a contract for this phone through at&t (another headache), because i still have my tablet and another cell phone with verizon. in comparison to verizons retail price and the this price, i would have been better off buying the phone from verizon. it doesn't hold a charge despite the fact i bought the battery pack, has a crazy annoying start up screen and process. lesson learned.
as many others have stated, this phone is great to use initially.  i've been a motorola customer back to the razr and atrix, and absolutely loved the 1st gen moto x.  the lightly skinned android experience with the added moto display, made this exactly what i wanted in my phone.  at least until the battery died.  every phone owner understands battery degradation, but this is beyond degradation.  the phone is useless unless plugged into the wall or into a portable charger.  even my moto mod battery pack is unable to keep it on without random shutdowns and the inability to power up without being plugged in.  if you read the 100+ pages in the lenovo/motorola forum regarding the battery issue, it's surprising that nothing is being done to help the owners of this phone other than to recommend sending in for service.  and since a good chunk of people are now outside of warranty, it'll cost you $150+ for replacement/repair.  with this phone dying after 15 months of use, i couldn't convince myself that a replacement would get me much mileage, so the only solution is to look for a new phone that will not be a motorola.
it shuts down whenever it wants to. lenovo does not seem to care, you can't even register the damn thing. you go to their chat room, and they just spin you back to another website that you have already been to, no useful information, i was tired of paying for iphones, so i thought i would try moto, needless to say i went back to iphone, at least there is some consistency
hi, i don't get a moto z but a g5. i want the difference to be refunded.
3 months after buying this phone i started having issues with charging and sound. all of the sudden it would stop charging and would turn mute to audio and calls i have to restart it in order to get those functions back. tried factory reset, but it did't help. now i'm contacting motorola customer support and would see if they would resolve the issue or return the phone!
the phone battery works good for texts. phone use is a pain in the ear. the phone has locked itself into speaker mode - people phone in the office and i answer and i used to get blasted with full speaker in the ear. i have since learned to adjust for this annoyance, but i shouldn't need to. then the hands free calling kind of sucks. it used to work ok, but after the "update", i now get the joy of having my car tell me there is an incoming call, and when i press the steering wheel button to answer it, the handset speaker is what i get to hear - not coming out of my car. again, i have learned to adjust for this annoyance, but i shouldn't need to. oh yeah, there was one time i found a serious bug in the accessibility menu, called talk back. if you have never used it, do not do turn it on!!! you will be locked out of your menu and you will be stuck in this alternate dimension where nothing you do will undo what you just did. the controls that used to work, no longer work. i found myself turning the phone on and off several times and pressing whatever buttons i could find to get back to the accessibility menu and turning it off. funny they would put such an option under the accessibility menu - it's like putting a sputter and quit button on the dash in your car. game play is out of the question unless i have a battery pack or charger nearby. access to the internet is amazing almost everywhere and i love the size, but these buggy issues have me regretting my decision to buy this phone.
bad joke from lenovo. after update 7.0  and some security updates, this phone is simple unusable. the battery drain in only 2-3 h to zerro! i can't use it during all working day without charging. i try some resets, clear cache partition, make an factory reset, nothing help.  don't buy this bad joke from lenovo! the next bad side is camera lens.  the camera's glass begins to scratch even after you get the phone out of the box! i don't know what an glass is it, mabe china made glass special from lenovo..
i wouldn't buy motorola even if my life is dependent on it!!!
i bought this item with a lot of good expectation. but so disappointed when various times i could not turn it on...also, i charged it one night with the power off. the following morning, the phone was not charged.
i always liked the old moto x machines so i decided to buy this phone. the phone is not bad, but the battery capacity is kind of sad. there is not much case option out there. the battery packs are so thick and you can't get any case to protect the entire phone.  i also really dislike the 1 click dial feature of moto phones.  there is only 1 speaker, so not loud enough.  the volume buttons are also super small.
as a phone, it does what you expect, but the camera is absolutely terrible. my previous phones were the iphone 6 plus and the nexus 6p, both of which had fantastic cameras. the z on the other hand, has muddy pictures, terrible colors, slow auto focus, and generally takes photos on par with what you'd expecet from smart phones 5+ years ago.  on the plus side, the screen is decent, the cpu is fast, and they give you expandable memory with a micro sd slot.
i just use like after years , and the battery just dead for no reason , i do not know what is going on. now i can not even open it. worst phone ever
i purchased the moto z "force" version of this phone which is supposed to have an indestructible screen. i wouldn't rank this screen above any other manufacturers flagship phone screen. i dropped my phone while going to put it back into my pocket, the screen stopped working and lenovo won't back their product. customer service informed me the phone has a warranty on the screen, however, i will still have to buy the replacement parts... what???? stick with lg, samsung or apple
when i bought cellphone in warehouse deal it shows pristine package. package was opened, charger was used and phone has a scratch as a kneaded. it is like it dropped down once. i am disappointed because already buy a lot here and never saw this kind of thing
i bought this because lenovo announced they were putting nougat on these phones.  they waited 3 months before pushing it to the unlocked us retail phones, basically making us the last to get it.  there was basically no communication from lenovo on this and you can find many unhappy owners asking about it on reddit etc.
having owned a moto x, i was happy to take the plunge to their latest flagship.  big mistake if you want reasonable updates.  the unlocked version currently ships with android 6.0 on the july 2016 patch set.  they have promised n but no dates given... and the phone is not daydream compatible without it.  the camera is mediocre at best, slow focus and awful portrait pics with essentially nothing in focus.  lenovo has clearly destroyed moto with the purchase so i would stay away
i am a phone junkie and bought a used one of these just because i'm a big moto fan and have used their devices dating back to the original razr, moto q, droid, and the beloved moto x of 2013.  especially after the lenovo buyout, moto just seems lost in their product design path.  they've gone crazy with large phones thinking the larger screen cures all ills while falling short in a lot of key areas.  as for the moto z, first let me say that the build quality is rock solid! and it really is unbelieavably thin!!! but, it's a bit large in the hand..wish they would've just gone with a 5.2 screen (something they haven't done since moto x 2014). i played around with a few of those mods but frankly it really didn't seem like any were worth the hefty price.  my biggest two gripes about this phone (other than the large size) are camera & battery life.  i feel like the camera isn't even as good as the nexus 6p! in low light, the shutter takes a while and images have very heavy noise.  it's definitely not on par with other 2016 flagships; when will motorola finally put a top of the line camera/imaging solution in a phone???? the battery life is seriously inadequate..it's a real struggle to make it through a whole day of moderate use.  i can understand they had to cut some corners to make it so thin but i wish instead they would've just included a 1080p screen to go a little easier on the battery life.  i also feel like this phone unlike previous moto phones does not have as strong of a radio as other phones.  my reception readily drops in the elevator while using my sony xperia x compact hangs on to a signal for the whole ride as did my old moto x 2014. keeping my fingers crossed for a smaller flagship with an improved camera and battery life out of motorola in 2017.
excellent product, fails with battery and 5.5 inches display in my opinion.  2017-11-24 update: motorola / lenovo worst phone ever, less than one year using it and the battery fails every day, it reaches up to 76 % and the phone turns off, i'm using it with the incipio battery moto mod that lets me keep using it, but the internal battery at this time is useless. don't buy this crap please, never. the last motorola phone i buy, i'm very upset !!! u$ 500 in the trash !!
compared to not having a phone this is great. we're not talking about something dramatically important. however, compared to every other phone on the market, this device is terrible. i cannot think of one thing it does superior to any other phone on the market. from its camera to its ads and bloatware to its general compatibility with other devices. this is a terrible phone. because i spent so much on it i've also spent lots of time trying to convince myself that it's all right. but it is not all right and i'm going to give mine away and buy something else at.  it's not even good as just a phone. you can't hear the ringer and you can't hear text notifications. go ahead and buy it and you will quickly find out. to most of its problems there are no solutions or workarounds.
update (11 months in, end of october 2017) i took the phone off the charger at 100% this morning at 6:15 am.  it is currently 10:30 am and the battery has died.  this is a problem.  i will not buy another motorola product.  i listed to 45 minutes of podcasts this morning over bluetooth, scrolled through facebook for probably a combined 25 minutes, and updated 6 apps. i am changing my rating to a 1 star (from a 3 star) as this is inexcusable on a phone that is less than a year old. do not buy this phone.  update (7 months in, june 2017) battery life has become a problem.  i have factory reset the phone twice to temporarily improve battery life and keep only a few extra apps at a time on the phone.  i dont play games or anything else on the phone.  yet, with the battery mod, the phone barely lasts all day.  without the battery mod it wont even make it to 5pm. the processor has also become woefully inadequate.  the phone gets really hot when trying to do pretty simple things, like open snapchat, or update 2 or 3 apps. the camera has also proven to be pretty bad.  many of my pictures turn out blurry or generally poor quality vs my old note 4. anymore it's definitely worth the money to get a newer, nicer phone.  or a cheaper phone that doesn't have quite as high of expectations. the moto z is a good phone overall, but lenovo could do better.  i'll list some pros and cons and you can decide for yourself!  original review: pros:   modularity: if this is something you're interested in, you can exchange the backs on the phone to different things such as a speaker, a battery  pack, a projector, or a fancier camera.  most of these are in some way useful to some people.  i highly recommend the battery back and the speaker.   screen quality:  beautiful screen blows many premium phones out of the water.  qhd does it's thing.   build quality:  aluminum body, looks cool without any back on it at all (those gold pins though), and the moto mods fit very well.   software:  motorola's "skin" over stock android is very minimal and keeps things simple, unlike samsung who tries really hard to make android look like their own thing and makes it bloated.   camera:  the phone camera on this is great! not quite pixel level, but as this phone can be had for 2/3 the price of a pixel (i picked mine up for 500 flat brand new) i think it takes the cake in it's price range.  cons:   stock speaker:  the speaker on this isn't so great. it works, dont get me wrong, but it's not something to write home about.   moto mods:  as i said above, some of the moto mods are great, like the battery and the speaker, others are not so great.  the projector's resolution and brightness are pitiful, and the hasselblad camera mod is worse than the camera on the phone. why?   battery life:  without the battery moto mod, the battery on this phone barely will last a day.  under heavier normal use i will barely make it to 5 pm (on time at 8 am), and under heavy use it'll make it till about 2 pm.  the update to nougat (due in february 2017) will evidently extend this life by about an hour, so that's something.  however, with the battery moto mod the battery will last all day basically no matter what.  if you tried to extend the battery life with the mod you could probably stretch it to 2 days if you were really nice to it.  other:   processor:  it's fine.  just fine.  not a real powerhouse, but for all your regular needs it does everything.  it does lag a little sometimes when i don't close anything and am navigating, playing music, logging driving over bluetooth, and get out to pump gas and play a game or something.  but you'll probably never notice any issues.   ram:  4 gb is fine.  but again nothing ridiculous anymore.  i'd recommend this phone under the condition that you also buy the battery mod to make the battery life last all day.  i bought the wireless charging one because then i can charge the battery separate from the phone.
i can not recommended this phone. the main camera is based on a 2 year old sensor and it performs way below the quality of current competition. battery life is less than spectacular and you'll be lucky to get through a day of moderate use. moto mods are cool for a week , after that you realize how cumbersome and incovieniant they really are , the projector is weak , the camera is slow in every way and larger than a nice pocket camera, and the speaker is the best of the lot but you would be better off with a stand alone option. you would be much better of with a oneplus 3 , zte axon 7 , or an honor 8 in my opinion.
i hate this phone! total junk! do not buy unless you want a phone that cannot get the new update and has ads that intrude every 5 minutes! even over navigation when i'm driving! i'm returning this nightmare and going back to iphone.
the phone itself is decent, but it has some huge flaws in very specific areas if you use them. 1. this is the first phone that i have owned that does not support screen casting to a roku.  my old nexus 5 did as well as my moto x pure (2015). 2.  small battery.  i know this is touted as the thinnest phone available, so it cost battery size in order to accommodate the thinner sideview.  also, there is no wireless charging unless you add the extended battery mod. 3.  if you want to protect your phone with an armor case, then you cannot use a mod. 4.  no headphone jack.  it does come with an adapter to plug headphones into the micro c charging port.  so, you cannot charge phone and use standard headphones simultaneously. 5.  no cable provided to link phone with pc.  you must purchase separately. 6.  last but not least, support from lenovo is deplorable.  the retail us edition of the moto z as of now (jan 17, 2017) still has not received the android nougat update.  in addition, this phone was released in october 2016 with the july 2016 security update, and as of today, still has not been updated.  lenovo stated that updates were starting to roll out in november, but nothing in retail us yet.  calling support is of no help, they just tell you they are waiting for carrier review on an unlocked phone.  the lenovo message boards are worse, with moderators instructing owners that they should have purchased a different phone if updates were important to them.  on the plus side: 1.  it does charge quickly.  you need this if you do not have battery mod and you use your phone "more than average"
i've been a motorola fan with my last four phones. when it came time to buy a new one the moto z was my first choice. unfortunately what no one tells you and despite reading everywhere that it has android 7.0 and is daydream ready, it is not. the verizon version was updated months ago. the unlocked version has no sign of an update anytime soon, google some forums and see how mad the unlocked z owners are. we're still on a security patch that's more that 6 months old while the droid versions are going on their third 7.0 update. i'm pretty sure this phone has just slipped through the cracks and i get the sinking feeling we'll get nougat (the november update the droid z guys got) in a few months and that may be it for the life of the phone. now that it's become clear this phone will be a dud, i'm of course out of my return period. i recommend against buying this phone and i won't buy from motorola or lenovo ever again unless moto gets sold again to a company that actually cares a little about customers and not selling falsely advertised products.
fyi, this device does not have the latest android update available, as promised on the moto z website.  therefore it will not support google daydream as promised. also, this does not support miracast, despite what the instructions may suggest, so no streaming to roku boxes or smart tv's. . this is just weird as every android device i know of supports this.  the physical phone itself is great, software and support - lacking.
as a flagship android smartphone, i would give it 5 stars.  for the thin profile, the battery gives me a full day's use without needing to recharge.  i am sure this may change over time, but i had also heard that android nougat (7.0) was supposed to improve battery performance.  not confident i will find out anytime soon if that is true.  as you may have read from other reviews, this unlocked version on at&t has been largely ignored by lenovo / moto and possibly at&t.  this is not a phone that at&t carries, so i can't really fault them as much, but i would have certainly expected lenovo to have upgraded the unlocked moto z by now.  the verizon version was upgraded ota around november last year.  the notification problem has lead to me missing a couple of things, but in general it's not a showstopper.  i have seen far worse issues on google pixel and iphone 7.  overall, this is a very good phone all things considered, but i would definitely like to get the improvements that come with the nougat update.  one of the main reasons i spent extra on an unlocked moto z was for the prompt updates and support.  my mistake.  i'll update the review if/when this changes.
as of writing, it is january 11, 2017. the unlocked lenovo moto z was released back in september here in the united states. and also as of writing, this phone has never received an update since it was released. none. it is still on android 6.0.1, and still on the july 2016 security patch. not only does this make the phone horribly insecure in regards to malware and other exploits, it has not received the android 7.0 update. bizzarely, motorola/lenovo has advertised that the phone has the android 7.0 update since november, but it only takes a little googling to find that the us unlocked model in particular, has received no updates in the 4 months since its release, and both motorola and lenovo support will give no time frame for when or if it might receive any. this is despite the fact that the verizon "droid" model has enjoyed fairly frequent updates and has had android 7.0 for months. the india, china, europe, and canada models also have been updated for a while now. but the unlocked us version? absolutely nothing.  it's a shame too, because the phone is nice. good screen, nice build, fast performance, insanely thin, and 64gb + microsd is a great for those who like to download lots of apps, games, and movies. but lenovo has completely and utterly ignored this phone in regards to support. there are many far better options out there for even cheaper prices.  update: well as of february 10, 2017, the phone has officially been updated to android 7.0. great, right? well, not entirely. while i am happy to have nougat, the unlocked moto z received an old version of the update, complete with a 3 month old security patch (nov 2016) and without any of the bug improvements that the droid models received. for example, in android 7.0 there is a bug that lowers the volume of your notifications, making it difficult to hear. the droid models received an update fixing that in late january, and have received a security patch update since then as well. the unlocked moto z, despite being updated later than that, received an older, less secure, bugged update.  don't get me wrong, i'm glad we at least got nougat. but my previous point still stands. if you value updates and after sale customer support (which you should), avoid motorola and lenovo. they care about one customer, and one customer only: verizon wireless.
i have bought six moto phones. this will be my last.  it is a good phone but if you buy the unlocked gsm version you may not get updates. these phones are still on version 6 and the july security level. lenovo is not committing to deliver an update to android 7. they had promised it for dec 2016 and did not deliver.  we don't have the security patches and the battery life on the moto z is less than a day on android 6.  also, i bought a number of the moto mods and they are problematic. the hasselblad camera is ok but not really much better picture quality as the stick camera, which is disappointing for what it costs.  the jbl speaker is not loud.  the incipio battery is great but can only charge when attached to the phone which is annoying.  i did not buy the projector so i can't comment on that.  the stock camera on the phone has a lag after you click the button to take the picture. this goes away in pro mode but i don't use pro mode, i just want to point and click.  this camera is also not as good as what i had on the moto x v2, though it is better than the v1 (much).  i would give this 2 stars except that i paid so much for it, it is a premium priced flagship phone that i bought six months ago and i can't get a software update!
i initially had a 5 star review however since the android 7.0 update nothing but issues.  the most glaring is the bluetooth, wifi and nfc connectivity.  there is not connectivity.  comes in and out.  very frustrating since motorola is of no help.
fingerprint reader doesn't respond.
something wrong with the camera
poor customer support. still has android 6.0. no straight answer from lenovo when i'll get 7.0.  same thing happened with. lenovo tablet. stay away from lenovo product. poor support.
no micro usb. no 3.5mm headset jack.
renew my review again, look my view before you buy this phone. i decided not return this phone and put some my personal view here: bed things: not a dual sim model as it in international one! battery die very fast , if you do not buy the battery mod. it's wifi is not very stable when i use it to watch youtube(my iphone6s did not have such situation).  good things: cheap price for an android flagship phone. very fast recharge speed for battery.  why the international model support dual-sim but the us model only has one? all website says it support dual-sim but it is not! i wait this phone for a week and now i try to return it after i got it 30 mins.
not a month after the year warranty is up and the battery is totally shot. other than that, it was a great phone while it lasted.
the phone doesn't even hold a charge. i can charge it all night and then take it off the charger and it won't turn on. i would never recommend this phone to anyone!
i had the phone for almost six months now and the screen had started freezing. wish i hcad purchased the insurance. 
i purchased one of these last year and had a bubble develop under the screen within 6 months. they replaced it as it was under warranty. the replacement developed a bubble under the screen within 6 months. motorola support must know this is a problem since the second offer of a replacement did not require a photo to verify. their support is ultimately clueless though. trying to get me to start the phone in safe mode to diagnose the problem which i had already explained and has nothing to do with the software.
the camera on the phone is really nice, the device is a little larger and bulkier than the moto x that i had previously. however the most frustrating thing is that 1-2 weeks after the 1 year warranty ran out the battery stopped working almost entirely. sometimes you'd charge it to 100% and as soon as you unplugged it could drop to 15% and it generally just would not hold a charge. it's a nearly $200 fee to replace the battery once you pass the warranty.
one last update.  if i could give this 0 starts i would...especially after using my galaxy s8+.  my smart watch no longer disconnects randomly. i can sync my misfit without power cycling the phone, and i can make and receive calls in my car reliably.  the moto z bluetooth performance is truly awful and ruins the entire experience.  didn't they used to talk about seemless mobility?  my final jab at this crappy product will be that as i was driving back from fedex with my galaxy s8+ i made one last call with my moto z to check on my mom and her chemo session earlier that day.  no kidding, it dropped the connection three times, which was just perfect to make my mom repeat what she was saying three times.  sadly, i am editing my review and lowering to 1 star.  i ended up returning the phone through motorola as i had missed my window with amazon.  i have to say the return process was completely painless, and i had a brand new phone in less than a week.  that's where the good news ends.  after a month, i think the bluetooth performance on this one might even be worse.  i can't tell you how frustrating it is to not be able to make or receive a phone call in my car with any confidence that the audio will route properly.  this is a basic feature i've expected from bargain basement phones for the past 10+ years.  a premium flagship phone has to cover the basics.  to make matters worse, i recently won a fitness tracker.  it synchs with the phone via bluetooth.  lo and behold, it has problems connecting often, and the only solution is to power cycle the phone.  even after that, the phone shows that bluetooth is on, but the app says it's off, and asks for permission to turn it on.  i allow that, and magically bluetooth works again.  to sum up, if you plan on using bluetooth devices, do not buy this phone!  the bluetooth performance on this phone drops it from great to a disaster.  i've had 30 phones or so connected to my car's bluetooth.  i've never had one perform as badly as this one.  every call i make, i have to hit the speaker button and select bluetooth.  not what you want to be doing when driving.  in essence, i can only make calls when stopped.  (android auto makes it slightly easier, but still far from safe)  for incoming calls, sometimes they route to bluetooth, often they don't.  then, in the call, the bluetooth connection often drops mid call.  i have to pick up the phone and talk into it...which is illegal in illinois, so i just shout that i'll call back when safe or ask them to hold on for a bit as the bluetooth will eventually reconnect.  this is a major major disappointment in what is supposed to be a premium flagship phone.  to be fair...all else is actually pretty great.  it feels good in my hand, and i use the camera, extended battery, and car mount mods. (the bt problems started before the car mount...so not related)  with 4gb of ram it is very responsive, and the battery life is outstanding.  like everything though, one major issue has killed my love for this phone. as much as i commute, i need to be able to reliably make and receive calls while driving, and this does not accomplish this basic need.
seems good so far but two major issues:  one, the speed charger they packed was not a usa model, even though i bought the us warranty phone. two, the audio has a significant hiss during phone call. people on the other end say i sound excellent, but it's pretty distracting.  i'll update my review if these issues are resolved.  update: 10 months later the usb-c charger stopped working with all cables. i bought an incipio wireless charger pack and have to give the phone and pack 2-3 full charges a day to get by. without the pack it will routinely turn off with anywhere below 30% charge, especially if taking photos or watching video. then i have to get it to at least 10% charge with the charger pack or it just bootloops on the wireless charger. probably the last moto product i buy for a very long time unless this is fixed.
unlocked does not mean unlocked anymore.  not supported with verizon or sprint.  must have been too hard to put that in the description.
gave me problems from day 1 rebooting by itself during minimal activity. often got hot to the touch. at day 4 it died while i was browsing my facebook feed.
this is a nice light weight/thin phone with really fun items to add on like a camera and speaker system. i purchased everything but the projector.  they even sell the large battery pack which snaps on the back to let you use the phone much longer without recharging. since i had two note 7  phones which i had to return i was really excited about this system. they unlocked it so it works with my carrier t-mobile.  going out to the washington coast this weekend i found out something about the phone which is a deal breaker for me and the impetus for this phone's return... t-mobile had no coverage where i was staying. i signed on to the property's wifi...i could not use wifi for texting or for phone calls. when i called today to motorola they said it was a carrier issue. when i called t-mobile they said since it was not a phone they carry they do not support wifi calling or texting. whhaatt? there are plenty of times when the network does not have good signal...been to hawaii lately? i always feel pretty safe knowing i can duck into a wifi hotspot and get a connection or help if i need to. not with this phone. too bad. the idea of new mods etc was exciting to look forward to. there were other things that did not work as smooth as samsung phones but i was willing to overlook them because this phone feels exciting and i looked forward to new add on mods. amazon is a champ for letting me return it within the 30 day period. i will have to figure out what to do with the accessories i purchased through verizon.
to expensive for a small battery and weird buttons.
dangit lenovo. my elderly xt1053 first generation motox died about a year ago and i have been eagerly awaiting the motoz. i've been using an iphone 6 for that year. it hasn't been the worst year of my life. that award goes to the year i caught my incestuous ex-wife with her obese cousin.  what sucks about the motoz? read on:  * it is simply too big. after a bowie-knife, a roll of duct-tape and a wallet stuffed with partially filled free-sandwich cards, i really don't have room in my pockets for the paper-back book this phone attempts to be.  * the camera is somehow always blurry. this is great for pictures of my deep-appalachian family, but not so useful for insurance-shots of deer, bears and other wild animals that break into my house and steal my electronics and gold-bars.  * the "wood-style-back" is, well... very roughly 'styled' after wood. a wood that shows oily fingerprints and feels like cheap plastic. my original motox had real wood backing. somehow i missed that "wood-style" means "not wood anymore". i admit, i researched weakly.  if you want big, you want fake, and you want a camera that would make a shar-pei dog's face look unwrinkled, look no further.
this has no standard headphone jack, essential to any phone. ridiculous.
to expensive for a small battery and weird buttons.
dangit lenovo. my elderly xt1053 first generation motox died about a year ago and i have been eagerly awaiting the motoz. i've been using an iphone 6 for that year. it hasn't been the worst year of my life. that award goes to the year i caught my incestuous ex-wife with her obese cousin.  what sucks about the motoz? read on:  * it is simply too big. after a bowie-knife, a roll of duct-tape and a wallet stuffed with partially filled free-sandwich cards, i really don't have room in my pockets for the paper-back book this phone attempts to be.  * the camera is somehow always blurry. this is great for pictures of my deep-appalachian family, but not so useful for insurance-shots of deer, bears and other wild animals that break into my house and steal my electronics and gold-bars.  * the "wood-style-back" is, well... very roughly 'styled' after wood. a wood that shows oily fingerprints and feels like cheap plastic. my original motox had real wood backing. somehow i missed that "wood-style" means "not wood anymore". i admit, i researched weakly.  if you want big, you want fake, and you want a camera that would make a shar-pei dog's face look unwrinkled, look no further.
this has no standard headphone jack, essential to any phone. ridiculous.
the battery, ear phone, weak sound and daylight issues make me rate this a do not buy . moto z  2017...good looking, i like the screen size....sent to me 2.2018 as a warranty replacement for my 6yr old lg (rip) battery:  overheats (very hot) and all faqs i have read and answered by moto are weak  (essentially turn it off and let it cool)  this heat eats up battery life... somethings going on that kicks this baby into high gear, over heats (you will feel it in your pocket) and eats battery life...but i cannot tell what is the cause sound levels:  weak, need to be louder!  back ground noise overwhelms picture:  good size, but invisible/weak in day/sunlight phone button and touch... very good- improved over my old lg charger... comes with 30amp quick charger... and the faqs recommend staying with it... but why do i want another piece of special gear... lets stay with the basic 5 v 1 amp.  might be slow but most of us have all night... usb:  damn ... uses usb c... not compatible with most of my stuff.... will try an adapter.... though no court, c is a better mechanical connection. head phn plug... uses c.. now this is a problem... just because iphone does it why should we, now need an adapter or new hdphone (one provided ... just another loose piece to loose) motorola attachments... who cares... make one that attaches to my cars" screens ... other wise this is all marketig  bs and toys to break.
ad should say it doesn't support the fitbit
i bought this phone about a year ago.  i returned it (and $25) for a warranty replacement because it kept shutting down even with the battery above 50%.  after a few months, the replacement started doing the same thing, and then the screen failed (stayed all-black).  i checked, and the warranty had just expired.  i just bought an lg g6.  i don't think i'll be buying anything from moto again soon.
ordered two of these phones, both of them had different issues. the first one the blue tooth didn't work, and the second one constantly made popping noises. ended up sending both of them back
quite disappointed the phone isn't for us since motorola won't honour the warranty. box had lots of indonesian sticker/manuals on it which prompted me to contact motorola support with my imei to see if it's covered.  returning it but if it had warranty, the phone is nice to use.
pros: 1. thin 2. fast 3. mod usability if you are interested.   cons: 1. this phone's battery life feels as if it were more than a year old. its saving grace is qc but other flagship phones also have that feature. 2. the camera is unforgivable given its price range. 3. since the above two things should stand out as flagship phone, it does not meet the expectations.
this phone is really bad. even brand new, the battery doesn't last for a long time. to give you a concrete example, i left home today at 9.30am with 66% of battery. i had my phone on my jacket (so, not constantly playing with it), i only checked my email once (for around 10 minutes) and answered a phone call (under 2 mins). by noon, the battery had died..... no kidding.... the phone also gets frozen all the time and requires to be restarted to start working again. it's also quite slow. the design itself, which looked quite sleek upon opening the box, it's in fact very uncomfortable. the phone is too thin for its dimensions, and it slips. completely regret having bought this...
piece of crap battery. had this phone for 1 year. phone shuts off without warning at 65%.
this product is deliberately designed for you to pay more money. you have to get the speaker to get any sound on it at all. the only good thing about it is that it has decent battery life. do not get this phone. if you like ear buds it likes to destroy them and make them unusable. so buyer beware. it's terrible.
powerful phone. shipping could have better protection. but no damage.
the phone itself is fine. it runs well, is a good size for me, and i've had no issues with it so far. if only it had a normal audio jack. it's entirely my fault for not realizing it didn't have an audio jack when i bought it, but i'm going to try to never buy a phone without one again. it's so inconvenient for me. i've gone through 3 of those stupid little adapters in less than a year even with just gentle use and the kicker is those adapters aren't sold in any stores. at least not that i've seen. not even verizon where i bought the phone has them which is ridiculous. i have to keep returning and ordering more from amazon because they keep breaking. the one feature (or lack thereof) almost ruins this phone for me.
this seller isn't giving a full year warranty, they only have warranty for 2 months, which is unacceptable, wtf is this, if it doesn't have warranty is must be advertised and its price should be decreased for that. not recommended, don't buy it.
great specs for the phone but holy crap does it crash and freeze constantly. and i only really use everyday apps like chrome and facebook....
14 months into ownership phone starts to shut down randomly. battery charge lasts around 60 to 90 minutes and shut down when there's still 30-60% power left. motorola's warranty is 12 months long and battery warranty is 6 months long if you read the fine prints.
bought two in a year since i broke the first one and the charger cable is not compatible with each other. contacted them via support.  no reply. i would have give it 4* if i get a courtesy reply.  i will consider another brand for my next smartphone.
bluetooth chip was completely dead.  and searches show that is all to common - the wifi commonly fails as well.  shame, it was a great phone otherwise.  good size, powerful.  mods are a gimmick, but if you remove the placeholder backing and use a spigen case, the result is and impossibly slim phone.  shame it was ruined by cheaping out on the wifi/bluetooth chip.
this is worst phone i ever bought.  the battery lasts only less than a day when it was bought and now only about a month later, the battery foes completely dead in less than 5 hours.  make wonder if i bought a new phone or used one.  worst experience!  previously, i owned a moto z with 32 g memory and that phone worked well expect i ran out of storage space, that is why i bought this one with 64 g memory, but this performs much worse than my previous one.
phone stopped working inside of one year. keeps rebooting. to bad for supposed flagship modular phone!
good phone but there are wifi and bluetooth issues and their connectivity. i bought an open box for $350 so with those issues every now and then it's a good phone at that price. but i wouldn't pay full msrp especially with better alternatives from sony.
bought this phone. within 8 months the battery was dead. would only hold a charge for an hour or two with no use at all. contacted motorola. they charged me a fee to replace the device that was under warranty and within a month that device also had a dead battery. terrible phone. awful battery. i'm never buying motorola again. it was a waste of $500.
the good: great phone! large screen, performance is quite good. mods is an interesting concept. have used it for 6 months so far.  the bad: the back panel sits firm, but is kind of apparent that it is attached to the phone. also, for headphones you always need adapter usb-c to jack.  the ugly: since 7.1.1 update there is a widespread issue with the battery charging. it is not changed properly and phone shuts down unexpectedly at 30-50-70% lasting for just one hour or less!! motorolla has been struggling with fixing it for quite a few months! search google for extreme battery drain moto z 7.1.1. awful!
worst investment ever. i bought this product from amazon and 10 months later the battery starts to fail. i contact motorola in us and they told me amazon sell me this phone from hong kong. the webpage said item was ship and sold by amazon. now i have a $500 beautiful paperweight thanks to amazon. just 10 months old. great phone, but bad battery, bad service from motorola and amazon. very frustrating. thanks for reading and hope you don't make my mistake. if you think your product is not from us start a return immediately or you will regret.
i am writing this after 6 months usage of my unlocked moto z mobile. initial days it was too good and also i bought camera mod along with it and zoom is awesome. charging: but now charging is coming max of 6 hours with regular usage. since we don't have audio jack, we need to use wireless headphones or charging point along with connector. if you connect earphones through connector, you cannot charge the mobile. if you use wireless bluetooth headset, then charging will come only for 3 hours max. camera mod not working: after upgrading os to android 7.1.1, moto mod stopped working. whenever i'm connecting, it is  throwing error "restart camera". i reviewed many other blogs including moto, no solution provided. it's waste of 250$. i bought this mobile for mods feature only. i should have bought normal mobile and additional camera.
camera issue right out of the box, called tech support and was told warranty is expired after i had it two weeks what??? how is that right. i have had motorola for years and this is the worst one i have ever had seriously thinking another brand now
i had to return the cellphone because it was not unlocked.
buggy. iphone or bust
i bought this phone and it is not unlocked for verizon. i had to buy another.
phone just gave out on me after 2 months haven't dropped it or got it wet just did a power off and then tried to turn it on and phone wont turn on or anything.
i got one, had to return because the screen came all crazy, filled of colors, the second one i got after 4 months is with problem on the audio, i can't listen to people really well and even notification sounds are bad, probably it uses the same sound internal box.
not happy with phone... this one battery was very poor since beggining... sadly i bought 3 phones for me and my 2 bros all 3 phones are dead now...
i'm not sure why one would go from the 21mp camera with the moto pure x to this 13mp, limited offering. cmon moto.. also, the dual sim still no go.. this phone, for more money, is a downgrade from the moto pure x.
i've had this phone since december. over my time of owning the phone my opinions have changed drastically. at the moment, unless you want to have a battery mod on the phone 24/7, i do not recommend this phone.  [screen]: the screen on this phone is definitely one of the highlights of the phone. its a nice size (5.5") and has good viewing angles. its a 1440p amoled screen and looks fantastic on the vibrant setting. colors pop and text is very sharp. it does get pretty bright, but could still stand to be brighter as it is hard to see in direct sunlight. it also doesn't get very dim, so using it at night can be blinding.  [build and design]: this is a well build phone, most moto phones are. although this is the thinnest smartphone ever, it feels rock solid. probably the best built phone i've owned beside my old htc one m7. the design, however, is where things fall short. its a fine looking phone, but has some problems. first, the big one, no headphone jack. this is a trend that needs to stop. the headphone jack is not some old, out of date port. its a headphone jack. no point removing it at all, not a single reason. although having 2.5d glass looks and feels nice, it does expose more of the glass to damage when dropped. it also means that tempered glass screen protectors will have to be smaller than the screen. although i love having a super thin phone, i don't think it is worth it which i'll explain later. another problem is the screen to body ratio is not very good, this phone has huge chins. there's also a moto logo right on the front of the phone, which looks pretty tacky. the back metal is a pretty big fingerprint magnet.  [camera]: its ok. motorola is not known for not having great cameras, and this continues the trend. pictures look good when in good lighting and after a bit of tweaking, but in any other light its pretty below average. it uses a pretty old sensor, the sony imx214, which was actually used in the nexus 6 and oneplus one. video quality is pretty good though, especially the 4k hdr recording. overall its enough to point and shoot type stuff, but if you really like using your phone for taking pictures, you'd be much better off with something else.  [connectivity]: i'm using this on at&t and have also used it abroad too. abroad it worked great, i was able to easily connect and switch networks and maintained lte coverage the whole time. back in the us, however, its a different story. up until june everything worked fine. since then, things have been different. now, it is very rare that i will connect to lte. instead, it seems to default to h. switching apns, changing preferred network type, factory resetting, and updating the phone have not fixed this issue. now i'm stuck on h.  [sound]: i love having a speaker on the front of the phone. not as nice as having dual front speakers, but better than bottom speakers. the sound quality from the speaker is pretty good, but it doesn't get that loud. as for headphone output, its good and bad. it is nice and loud, which is nice as i've used some devices that are very quiet. the sound quality, unfortunately, isn't the best, probably because of not having a headphone jack. audio through the usb c port is scaled down to 16bit quality instead of the standard 24bit audio. audio is still pretty clear, but bass is lacking, even with eq. about that eq, the eq is very limited. its just a measly 5 band equalizer that you cant even customize, there's just a few presets you can choose. once again, overall its just alright.  [ui and software]: the ui is fantastic. moto has the best skin out there. its pretty much stock android with a few great tweaks like moto approach, gestures, and customizing your ok google phrase to anything you want. because of all this this phone flies through the ui. software updates is yet another blemish on this phone. they are very few and far between, with the model, the us unlocked variant, being to last to receive all updates for the most part. moto has said that they will not be committing to the security updates, and that is one promise they have kept. i have only gotten 2 updates since i've had the phone, one for 7.0 and one for a security update. and, seeing how moto has treated some of their other phones, i wouldn't expect too many more updates for this phone.  [performance]: this is a very good performing phone. i believe it is the fastest sd820 phone there is. however, ever since the nougat update, i get a lot of stuttering sometimes and a few app frees and crashes, mainly settings and camera. overall though, its still a great performing phone. it does get very hot. even with light use (i don't really do any heavy use since i don't play games on my phone), it tends to warm up a lot, sometimes enough to even be uncomfortable to hold.  [battery]: finally, we arrive at the battery. when i bought this phone, i didn't expect it have the best battery. i mean, it has a 2600mah battery. that's pretty laughable for any size phone nowadays. this is the thinnest smartphone ever made, so there has to be some tradeoff. well, when i got the phone, i was actually amazed. i was easily making it through the whole day without needing to charge and was consistently getting over 6 hours of screen on time(sot). this was way better than any phone i'd had before. i had a battery mod, but rarely needed to use it, mainly put it on when i was traveling or when i knew i would be away from a charger for longer than a day or so. this continued for a few months. those were some good months. then, i received the update to android nougat. from there, i immediately noticed a drop in battery (and yes, i did a clean install). i went from averaging 6+ hours sot to about 5 hours sot. standby drain also increased. not a huge decrease, but was still disappointing. over the next few months, it has only gotten worse. now, i average about 3 hours sot and have a standby drain of almost 4% per hour. the phone also gets hot more often and according to accubattery, i only have 81% of my original 2600mah battery left, making it effectively a 2000mah battery, smaller than my htc one m7 i had years ago. i haven't made it through the day without needing to charge in weeks. its extremely frustrating and disappointing. the battery mod is required now, and i don't like that. the battery mod should be something that you use when you need to extra juice, not to make your phone usable .  just based on this alone, i would stay away from this phone.  [moto mods]: moto mods are a really cool idea, and definitely the best implementation of modular smartphone technology. the execution is not quite as great. there isn't anything wrong with the mods really, except for the camera which actually has a worse sensor than the built in camera, its more the price. the style shells are priced fine, they're pretty cheap. the speaker mods are a bit expensive and a standalone bluetooth speaker will definitely sound better but they are very convenient. the battery mods also shine with their convenience and ease of use compared to a standalone backup battery, but you do lose out on charge speed and capacity( you can get a 30000+mah backup battery for the price as the battery mod, which is 2220mah). i do think it is a good buy though if you can get one on sale or from ebay. like i said above, the camera mod is way too expensive and worse than the stock camera except for the zoom. the projector is also really nice, but yet again you trade quality for convenience, soft of. i don't mean the build quality is bad, but for the same price you can get a much much better projector  that works with all your devices instead of just your phone. i also say you get more convenience because while it is more convenient as its attaches to your phone and just shows what's on the screen, you cant project a movie or anything and use your phone for something else. overall, if the mods were all cheaper they'd be a great buy, and they still are, but you have to be really committed to the moto ecosystem to justify the price of some of them.  if you are looking for a z series phone, this probably isn't for you. go with the z play or the z2 play, they are just better phones.
for four months it worked great until, the screen went black and i could no long see how to work it
this phone will not work with verizon network.
i've had this phone now for about a year.  the off the grid batteries are good (i have 3).  the phone uses the battery fast.  as far as long life...unused, sitting on the desk, it will go about 24-26 hours. with the off grid power pak. i like the wireless charging capabilities.  i wish motorola sold the wireless charger as it took me forever to find out wireless chargers will all charge this phone, you don't need a special one.  i had issues in the beginning with the wireless charging batteries...(i was sent wired charging battery and didn't know it)....it took some major effort to get motorola to even talk to me....service is not their forte.  but eventually they did fix it.  the glass front is guaranteed to break!  the side bumper will help if the phone is tapped straight on the side.  but the glass of anyone i know (5) has broken for all within a month or two.  motorola needs to help that out a bit.  the mods are awesome.  i have the off the grid power paks and although i don't get the "off grid" ability with just one....i'd need 1 per 24 hour period.  i love them.  easier than finding an outlet somewhere.
i bought this phone direct from motorola.  when i first got it, i loved it.  it was running marshmallow and every feature worked - including tethering (on cricket).  soon after i updated the os to nougat and then there were two or three more security updates immediately after that.  once i applied all of these updates tethering no longer worked.  the phone started checking with carrier as to whether my phone was authorized for tethering.  this is unacceptable on an unlocked non-carrier branded device.  its my phone, my plan - i should be able to use it as i please without it going behind my back to check with carrier as to what features my plan included. in the 10 days i had it - it was probably the best phone i ever owned.  lighting fast (waaaaay faster than my s7 edge).  but motorolas decision to start checking with the carrier about tethering totally ruined it.  i returned it for a full refund.
i bought mine in january 2017 and 4 months later bluetooth simply stopped working. i have now opened a rma and will receive a refurbished device, which i'm absolutely mad about as i thought i was acquiring a premium device.  i would much rather spend all the money (+ incipio battery mod, + 200 gb memory card) in an iphone 7+ with 256 gb.  update: it got even worse. i submitted a rma and got an "as new" phone. 1 week after now the wi-fi is not working at all. i give up. i've thrown $580 to the garbage.  stay away of this phone.
