i recieved the phone on wednesday  25th april 2018....the phone looked new...mime didn't have any signs of  scratches  only problem is i find my self looking at the battery percentage alot cuz it drains quickly  but it also charges quickly as well  i'll update if anything changes
i was nervous about ordering a refurbished phone. so far it's working great and looks like a brand new phone. very happy with this purchase.
i've been a samsung fan since the s4, and this is definitely by far the best smartphone i've ever owned. and even though it was pre owned, i couldn't tell it. i looked it over and couldn't find a single scratch. if i was to crack this phone, i'll definitely come back to this seller.
works  great
works perfect
thanks, the phone is working fine. i do have issues with the antenna. i live in a rule area and still need to go outside to speak to anyone.
thank you, reliable! fast shipping love my new phone
great phone! i haven't had any issues with it in the month i've had it. when i received it the language was set to spanish but that's not an issue to change.
it is what it is. other than that it is really good.
so far, so good
great product thanks !
works great!!! i have had the phone for over a year now it runs great, when i first got it i ran a lot of processors to make sure it was legit, which it was. the only complaint i have with it is after about a month of use these small lines appeared on the back of the inside glass, i don't know what they were...still don't. but my phone keeps working great!! also if you are thinking about buying an edge display, it is impossible to get a good screen protector for it so...good luck!!
perfect condition, could never tell it's refurbished. 10/10 very satisfied.
the product looks and words good at first sight. they were helpful with instructions on how to setup the phone to recognize my sim card
works great
it is working great! product looks new.
i'm super impressed with this refurb.  my phone arrived with all the accessories like a new phone and i've been using it for months now without issue.  my wife has a refurb iphone 7 that may get slightly better reception, but i'm replacing my iphone 6 with this and it feels like a big upgrade.  the screen is huge with great quality. my biggest complaint us that it's sometimes too big though.  i have big hands and sometimes i have trouble keeping them off the edges to push buttons on the main face.  at any rate, i was nervous about trying a refurb, but it has been a great experience so far and it has saved me a ton of money.  highly recommend.
turned out exactly what i experienced. great
works great, easy set up with verizon prepaid.  great condition.  thanks
speed excellent.  travel to taiwan-no problem with connectivity.
totally satisfied with the  samsung s7 edge. it works flawlessly. condition is in excellent condition.
the product arrived on time and in great condition. it was almost like it was brand new. software works fine and i'm loving the battery life. the new updates are definitely worth the purchase. glad i bought it.
good so far.
i used to make refurbished phones, and i was quite happy at the quality. it appears they replaced all the outside components. now with that said, wow verizon phones have a lot of junk software and a locked boot loader...
there is nothing wrong with this phone, once i got it in the mail i got my old phone took the straight talk sim card out and then popped it into the s7 edge and it automatically started working.
ordered to replace a samsung galaxy s4. it arrived the next day as promised. the box was a generic box that looked sort of used however the phone inside was wrapped in a protective film with a generic cable and charger. the description of the phone did clearly say the original accessories would not necessarily be included. when i removed the protective film on the phone i checked carefully for damage or scratches and there were none. it looked like a new unused cell phone. the battery we partly charged so i plugged it in to charge it fully which it did without issue. the only issue i ran into was when i tried to secure a new sim card. my s4 used a micro sim and the s7 needs a nano sim. i had to visit 4 verizon locations to get the new card. it seems that verizon vendors, which they have on every corner here, have little to no experience with this issue. one vender refused period, the second didn't have the card and the third installed an incorrect card and when they called a verizon tech about it he told them the card was ok but it would take 5 days for the phone to be activated.  as a telco retiree i knew there was a problem but it wasn't the phone. after a call to the company, on my 4th visit to a verizon location, i was finally able to secure the correct card and it was connected in minutes. so far this phone is awesome.  there are bells and whistles that i am still trying to get used to but i am happy with my purchase. hopefully that will continue to be the case.  i mention the issues with the card because i can see where my contacts with this provider could throw doubt on this purchase for others.
all good!
i love this phone. quick and easy set up.  i have straight talk.  no issues at all.
i ordered this phone for my son for christmas bc my husband had purchased it new and loved it. i was nervous about refurbished but its now march 4th , ans so far it's been functioning like a new phone.  today i am ordering one for myself bc i dropped mine in the toilet so i hope all goes well. i purchased it w mango wireless and now when i goto my account to "purchase again" kiss company "comes up so kinda weird. i guess i'll hope for the best.
love it
nothing bad
i'm loving my edge and it works great!!
phone came in 9.8/10 condition, everything working so far, battery condition really good, no screen scratches, i recommend buying from this seller
nice replacement phone.
phone was in like new condition. great purchase! will definitely use again when i need another phone.
minor blemish on the screen but overall very happy with the phone.
very pleased this far.  arrived in a timely manner and looks new.  i've been using the phone for 24 hrs now and learning it.  this is exactly what i expected and was hoping for.  good price and good purchasing  experience.
great phone. great price.
what i did like was the phone came on time. the reason i gave it 4 stars is because the phone has scratches around the lends of the camera.
great price for a great phone. gave it to husband for christmas and he loves it.
the phone was received on great conditions, worked very well as a new one would. only complaint would be the charger, seemed like a knock off brand.
a can't say enough great things about this phone! it is in almost pristine condition (to be really really nitpicky, there are two pin size flecks of paint missing from the front speaker, but seriously, it's not noticeable). the phone works perfectly, no issues at all. i was a bit hesitant on buying a refurbished phone on a model where you can't replace the battery, but the battery appears to new or very close to it, so it's all good. i highly recommend this seller if you are on the fence.
first unit had the 3.5mm audio jack not working, but they replaced it with very good customer service.  had the 2nd one for a few weeks and it is working great, and is in great shape.  had to figure out how to make the verizon phone wirk with t-mobile sim card = manual apn and manual network selection.  but audio, data, messaging - all is working well now.
nothing but flying star's for me here i had a ss6 had for years now it's dosent work any more so i got an s7edge and i always wanted one good to see that their just ass good as always i love you samsung always will loyal to the end

love the phone so far.  takes great pictures.  had to get used to how sensitive it was with the touch screen.  a fantastic phone.
great phone for the price! worked perfect with verizon prepaid. really fast shipping
very good conditions for a refurbished phone, there is nothing much more i can say. it does have some kind of orange shade in the screen but it is not very noticeable.
great phone!!! looks brand new. it was very easy to bring over to cricket. very happy with my new.
its not refurbished, its new! great product, thanks...
so far so good, i love it, went from a note 4 to this s7 edge. right on time. alot of learing to do but i love it
i nearly returned the phone because it originally didn't want to work on my network  (t-mobile) however buyspry emailed me saying that the phone is unlocked and should work. i figured i'd give t-mobile a call and see if they could help. they said i could take it in and they would troubleshoot it for me. they managed to fix it and didn't charge me anything. all in all, i'm glad i didn't return it because it is a beautiful phone. it works great and looks brand new. really glad this worked out
10/10 but s9 comes out in a month get that.
great deal!! great phone,
have had no problems.
i love my phone i just dont like the fact that it did not come in 2 days like i paid for.  you all should do better because it can you business.  im so upset because i have been without a phone since i bought it!
phone works fine.... came in an excellent condition... would buy again from them!!!
prfct cndtn, n prlm t ll hckd!! wll wrth t
had this phone a couple of weeks now. phone arrived like brand new, not a mark or scratch on it. checked out all functions, and it works flawlessly. battery performs like new. very fast shipping. would definitely purchase from buyspry again. very satisfied.
this phone arrived as expected and it is a new phone.  it shows no wear or used.  i am extremely pleased with this purchase.  one comment, the battery does go down faster than expected but with a charger, no problem.
looks brand new, works great! really happy with the purchase.
i was hesitant, however the phones came in brand new condition and were unlocked. they easily set up to verizon pre paid. have had ours for about a month and love them. would definitely use this seller again.
came as advertised, practically mint condition with absolutely minimal scratching, maybe one or two tiny ones on the back if you look really hard. otherwise, working well, practically new.  update: had the phone just under a month and the rear camera started malfunctioning but would still work, then just under 2 month mark it consistently fails to start up. unfortunately this seems to be a common problem with galaxy phones, however, i tried practically every solution available but no luck. was told its probably a hardware issue if a factory reset failed to fix the issue. maybe the unit i got was a bit defective or had underlying water or fall damage? anyway, will be replacing for another and hope i don't have the same issue as i really do like this phone.
bought this phone for straight talk byop.  nano sim wouldn't work until i inserted when phone was on.  phone works excellent and hard to believe that it is refurbished.
last time i bought a refurbished phone (not from this company) it was an s5. the first one i got seemed fine...except it wouldn't accept my sim card. so it was completely useless as, you know, a phone. i returned it for a new one, and this time i got one with a broken headphone jack (which i didn't care too much about) and the phone was unable to tell when i tried to put it into landscape mode. i decided just to not bother anymore, and keep it.  with this phone, i checked over everything. orientation, camera, sim and sd card, apps, mic, speaker, jack, usb, battery life--everything i thought could go wrong. everything seemed perfectly in order. works absolutely lovely.  as for the phone itself, i highly recommend. great battery life, smooth performance and feel, and i like that it can accept both a sim and sd card at the same time, as i've seen many newer phones that can't.
phone was exactly like described
phone came one day sooner than expected. says refurbished but honestly cannot tell. looks and works perfect. would buy from them again.
good phone, not the latest but excellent for the price.  working for a wireless carrier, the s7s are the primary test phones that we use.  bought this for personal use.
looked brand. great quality and fast shipping.
great quality phone. only wish the tech wizards could fix the auto correct.
came in excellent condition, minor scratch that doesnt even worth mentioning.
awesome thanks
so far holding up well
i think that it is duos phone, but unfortunately it is not duos. phone is working good, i like it.
i purchased this after my phone died. i never bought a refurbished phone before and didn't know what to expect. this phone is amazing and i love it! this phone looks and performs like a brand new phone!!
it's been almost a year since i've ordered this phone and i can honestly say it's the best phone i've ever had. screen quality is great, i love the edge features, and i've put this phone though hell and not a single scratch.
the phone is in good condition everything works smooth and nice but the only accessories you guys should've had was earphones
this is my second refurbished s7 edge, the first one was for my daughter.  this one looked brand new, just like the other one.  i was scared because of the verizon description because i use cricket, but it works great on the cricket network.  i just had to set up the access point name to get on the internet using cricket data.  i could not find any hint that this was a refurbished phone by looking at it.  i think i am really going to enjoy this phone.
i liked the edge and  its tech and so much clearer but phone covers and screan protectors are annoying
love this phone,  definitely a must have.
it has money value for the price. i purchased it for my friend and he love it.
better than expected and received it a day early.  absolutely pristine, just as described. unlocked and nicely refurbished. i will definitely buy from this company again.
the phone was as described.  it looked brand new and so far there have been no issues with it. i am very satisfied.
yes everything was perfect the phone works great
my husband is out of town for work and his phone came in maybe 30 minutes ago, it is in perfect condition, no bumps, scratches, or dents. im very proud of this purchase! he needed a new phone and this will be used daily! this phone is absolutely flawless! galaxy s7 edge! we will buy from this seller again in the future!
i am a few days in on the new phone and it is amazing.
the phone arrived in almost new condition and appears to work just fine. i have had it for about two weeks. there were two minor issues that aren't a huge deal in my opinion. the first is the charger, i don't believe i was supposed to get a samsung charger but the one that shipped with the phone is an off brand that did not charge very fast, like 10% in one hour. i switched the charger to one of my older samsung chargers and it charged much faster and completed the charge in a couple of hours. the second issue is that the sim card for the s7 edge is smaller than the one for my s5. if you go to a verizon store (not an independent store) they will change it out for free which is what i did. again not a huge deal, i may not have noticed  if they mentioned it so it is fine. all in all it sure beats paying the price for a new phone.
very good pone and very good service!!
phone is in spectacular condition.  no swathes or visible wear and tare. voice is clear. phone is loud. camera resolution us beautiful. at my house within 4 days. thank you!!!
i bought two of these, the first came damaged, although the box was fine, i think it "slipped through the cracks" and was not inspected before they shipped it out.  the second one was perfect.  i bought this as a gift for a friend and it was a bit embarrassing when i gave it to him and he opened the box to find a damaged unit.  i made up for it with #2.
just to be direct, all verizon phones come unlocked. yes, you can take it to at&t but if you need a new sim they are $5. phone came in excellent condition. would definitely buy again.
this is exactly like a brand new phone. amazing. it did not come with the tool to get the sim card, but i read a paper clip works, and it did. no ear phones, but with difference in price for a new s7edge, who cares.
phone came in package in perfect condition without the slightest scratch in it.
its great device working and look like brand new
good phone, wasn't sure if it would work out since it still is a verizon phone. my carrier is t-mobile so i popped my sim card in and hoped for the best. everything works right off the bat besides mobile data, this is due to the phone having the apn for verizon still being used in the settings; but this is an easy fix just look up your carrier apn for that model of phone and add it into your settings and viola, everything works perfectly.
great product and very happy with it.
it is a great phone.
gud
hey, so my phone has just arrived, looks ok, no damage. it works for t-mobile. (you have to add the apn server in order to use mobile data, but this is understandable of course)
i sincerely hope you take the time to read this review and hope it is helpful because i am going in depth with my experience with this phone and other tips to help you out.  this phone is indeed gsm unlocked although it is a verizon phone with its logo. any network carrier will work through this phone, but there are special, crucial steps to do so (i will explain it more later on below about third party sellers).  so first thing is about the phone itself. i received this phone and i was actually excited and surprised at how good of a condition it was. i hardly if not see any damages, it's clean, smooth, and what an s7 edge should be as new. so already off to a great start. charger and adapter can with it. and boy does this phone charges fast, and the charger helps as well and neat charging animation (even gives an estimate time). they are clean as well and works great. so far, i have not had an issue wirh this phone heating up when not charging (suppose to heat up a little in the back when it is), so that is a good sign. remember this phone uses a micro usb cable. also came along was a sim card opener. very useful so that i don't need to use a pin and possibly damage anything you know? this phone uses a micro sim card, not the regular sim. so if you don't have one, ask your carrier's store if you have those triple sim card where the micro sim is in there so you can insert the card in. also, same place as the sim is where you can place the micro sd card as well. useful for the extra storage. what i am disappointed is that it did not came with a usb connector, which helps transfer files between and especially when you want to transfer via smart switch app already pre-installed in the phone, and others as printing and etc. just be prepared to wait perhaps hours if you have a lot of things to transfer from your old phone. i recommend using smart switch app because it transfers everything from your old phone and lets you control which ones to transfer too. you can also transfer wirelessly as well. you just need to open the app on the old phone and click the three dots upper right to open settings and the pin is there to use in the transfer process.  so when you first start the phone, you will go through the steps to set the phone up. don't worry about the sim card insert or mobile data. you can do this later. right now you want to get to the home screen. once you are done, scroll around and see how the phone looks. since this is a verizon, you will see their apps. you don't have to use them, like the verizon messaging is cool looking, but sucks when it does not have an organized contacts tab (not alphabetized), instead from the last person you contacted and you can't even search them up. the phone is already updated, and personally, everything about the s7 edge is an uprgrade for me from my s5. the phone i received looks good and performs good. i have not yet had an issue with it. so now when you insert the sim card, you will not automatically get your carrier data. this is where the special instructions begin, and i go more about this later on. what you do see is the notification that this is not a verizon sim card. you can easily clear this out or even force stop it by long tapping it, app info, and force stop it. but this will always reappear everyone you restart the phone. but honestly, this does not even bother me and just minor compared to how awesome the phone will be once i can get it to work under my data plan. i recommend backing up as i mentioned before after you get your data to work because what if you have problems with the phone? and your backup is installed in there and you then need to transfer back to your old phone or computer.  so let me tell you that finding this samsung galaxy s7 "edge" is such a chore especially when you are searching for one with affordable pricing, color, and one that should be unlocked. i had to buy a refurbished phone because it is always cheaper and sometimes in a good scenario, all that happened to it was that it was "used" or opened from the box. if you are buying a phone online, you must definitely do your research on whoever selling it and what the descriptions and return policies say. i bought this phone from seller buyspry. previously, i had bought it from another seller. sometimes, these phones are not directly from samsung or amazon, but is backed by amazon and from certified refurbished third party sellers. so if anything goes wrong, you can count on amazon having your back and that you can contact the seller as well. and that is exactly what happened to me and i did.  you see, i highly suggest keep in contact with whoever selling the phone and emailing them directly making sure you get instructions and the information needed to unlock your phone. they emailed me first with a link saying verizon guarantees never to lock their phones and provided a youtube link to unlocking the phone. to be frankly honest, i don't think the video helps too much for me lol, although i watched through it. because, the real info you need all comes down to the phone's network settings where you need to input things as apn, proxy, etc.  if you are confused in what to do to get your data network activated, it is best to first go to the carrier's store. i have metero pcs, and i was extremely lucky to have an employee there generously (btw, 15 bucks now to activate the phone to have it work under metro pcs lol) help me out input the information for me. also, not only that, you also need additional input for mms to work. because the information provided is not enough (which i included) for metero pcs, you need to give them the imei number for the phone. this is what i know only for metro. i can't say for other carriers, but i could imagine it is all similar.  after all that, i think you should be able to back up and then customize as you please.  also to point out, this phone has the function to show the clock when it is locked/turned off. this can get annoying and to mention waste of battery. you can easily disable this feature by going to settings, display and turn off always on display.  so i hope you read to the end and that is this review helped you. i want you able to enjoy the new phone as i have and hope things go smoothly
i love the near-pristine condition of the phone and it's all round functionality. i was initially scared when i opened the phone for the first time and faced with chinese alphabets. took me a while to figure out that i needed just to scroll to locate the choice for the english language.
bought this for my brother. phone came in great condition, works perfectly like brand new, battery life sustainable and he only has to charge once daily, camera works great, no scratches/dents/ cracks. is as exactly as described and more.
phone came in a weird box not the original but it is refurbished so i didn't mind but that's not the reason i gave it 4 stars the main reason is it didn't come with a fast charger so i have the slowest charging at the moment plus it didn't come with any earbuds kinda a let done but the phone works well and you can barely tell it was used it looks almost new
how to expected...great product
bought this to convert it into a straight talk phone for my 14 year old. he loves it!!! i have the s8 plus edge and had high hopes that the s7 edge would be a good fit for him. i was right! refurbished and working great. took him to the mall to have a screen protector installed and a new case. looks brand new!!!!!
iam happy with the service and with the cellphone.. thanks
work great
best money ever spent!!  phone is breathtaking right from the start.  had no issue at all getting it set up with verizon (did try a metro pcs sim, it didn't work---but that's ok because verizon has wider service). phone is fast and works fantastic.  so happy i took a leap of faith and purchased this product (it wasn't listed as being unlocked---that scared me some).  works like a charm!!
bought this phone a few days ago, setting up was easy, just connect to wi-fi and update all apps, after that just called metro pcs and set up my new phone with existing sim.  i was using iphone for 4 years in the past, i should say that so far i'm loving my new phone, i don't miss iphone and even better, i love the fact that i spent like 1/3rd the price of an expensive brand new phone.
great improvement over my s5.  of course my s5 was a great improvement over my s3.  been with samsung for the last 3 phones.  like the big screen and feel of the phone.  don't think i would want to go any bigger.  as for the edge thing, really don't use it so probably not necessary.
i am so happy with this phone. i was a bit uneasy about buying a refurbished device, but my galaxy note 4 was broken, and i really did not want to shell out nearly $1k for the note 8. so i figured i would try this refurbished s7 edge and hope it would last long enough for the price to go down on the note 8.  this phone looks and works like brand new! i was able to contact verizon and have them switch over to this device with no problems. about 24 hours after activating it, the phone did go through about 15 different software updates to bring it up to date, but i was expecting this to happen. after all the updates were finished, i did a quick wipe of the cache partition, and the phone has been working great. the package includes an adaptor for connecting to your old samsung galaxy phone to transfer all of your apps and data. i had all of my music on an sd card in my note 4, and was able to move the card into the s7 edge with no problems.  the phone did not come with the little tool for opening the sd/sim card slot, but i just used the post of an earring to easily open it (you can also just use a paperclip or a thumbtack).  i've been using the phone for 2 weeks now, and all of the functions work flawlessly - calls, texts, apps, bluetooth connectivity, everything. i had originally planned to only use this phone for a year or so, but i like it so much, i hope it lasts longer.  one of my concerns with a refurbished device, especially one with a non-removable battery (the back of this particular phone does not easily pop open without specialized tools) was that the battery would already be old and would quickly die. i am happy to report that the battery in the phone that i received lasts a really long time. it would probably last several days in standby/light usage, and it easily lasts a day and half for me with heavy usage and lots of video streaming.  it comes with a samsung fast charging cable, and i have subsequently purchased the samsung wireless charger to charge it wirelessly, and that works perfectly, too.  if you are hesitating for the same reasons i was, i can recommend this device with no reservations.
got it about two weeks now and it works perfectly! i don't know what the future holds but for now this is an amazing product!
works well
received my order sooner than originally told so a plus there. i received phone completely drained of battery but plugged in and charged pretty quickly. no problems at verizon activating it. and after having for a week. i'm definitely happy with the purchase.
this phone works with any carrier and irs unlock im from costa rica
i was a hair skeptical about purchasing this phone because some of the reviews weren't that great. well the phone is absolutely beautiful, it looks brand new. the charger that came with it is name brand and everything is working just fine!! the box it came in was lackluster by all means but the products were safe in it and not damaged.
refirbished was very clean with full package and adaptor. just the battery drains so fast ! cant use for a full day ever without recharging.
i got the item much sooner than promises. when i opened the box i was surprised to see how mint condition the phone was because i have bought refurbished before and they are not always this perfect. also i was very happy to see all factory accessories included. i could not be more pleased so far.
this is a great phone i love it it's a big up grade for me because i've carried a nokia windows phone around for 3 to 4 years. this is a vary well built phone it's very durable the processing speed is amazing and even though it's been refurbished it feels brand new right out the box
my phone came on time and it works perfect.
great phone for a great price. love the camera and the fact that i can add removable storage. seller was great and i am completely satisfied with my choice.
i like this phone, it's the best one i've had
wow, this phone is really pretty. i have the black and bought the platinum for my dad. super fast and great screen
this phone working in venezuela?
awesome phone, fast, performs well, looks great, all apps transferred over easily. the phone itself was not in its oem packaging however it was packaged very nicely. for a refurbished phone it looked brand new. no visible scratches, no cracks, and possibly most important no amoled screen burn! if you're looking for quality don't buy a used smart phone without them being certified in some way as being refurbished, big mistake. this was worth the extra money to have a nice phone, nice accessories (fast charger, cable, usb attachment) and a warranty.
the phone works perfectly , the only problem is that it cant system update, it says update is temporary unavalable , if anyone can help me please do so, thank u
great pictures and overall good
nice phone.  a lot of features i am still learning how to use.
software a little screwed up but not certain if it wasn't combo phone....verizon.  needed phone book in package.
amazing phone. the only complaint i have is that the battery life isn't the best, and if you use the phone for intensive graphics usage, such as gaming eg real racing 3 or gta, the phone sometimes overheats, esp if you're supercharging. to counterbalance that though, it charges really quickly. another possibly complaint is the edge itself, after a while you'll get used to gripping it differently, and if you get the spigen case it makes it even easier to grip, but the edge looks really nice, so it's really your choice there, whether you want to edge or not.
nice.
perfect condition, came with a charger, had a verizon sim card in it, and put my straight talk sim card in with no problem, my number was transferred and my phone is available to use.
i purchased this phone to upgrade from my galaxy s3.  was a little hesitant about purchasing a refurbished phone...  wow!  what a great phone so far, i have only had it a week but it does not have any blemishes looks like new.  connected to my verizon carrier without issues and is working flawlessly.
phone has worked well.  purchased about 3 months ago and haven't had any issues.  minor scratches on the home button (completely cosmetic, no issues), but otherwise looks brand new.  works with a prepaid plan - boom mobile on the verizon network.
love it
pretty happy with my purchase. i broke my s7 edge and wanted another one. verizon has new ones for around 750, but 350 refurbished is a great deal. very very little wear around the home button and that's it. connected to verizon through my already existing sim card. works great so far.
love, love, love this phone...especially at this great price!  works perfectly, and is so beautiful i can hardly stop playing with it.
i absolutely love it.
perfect
i purchased this samsung galaxy s7 edge to upgrade from a smaller android. i like the larger viewing area and the edge part of this smart phone. i am still getting used to the way this operates  as opposed to the older android, but i like the features so far. for my taste, it has been easier to operate, but takes some getting used to.  it is a very nice and stylish for anyone that is interested in that aspect. great product so far!
almost like new.  workso great!
it's the best phone for me. great price and works like new even though it is a refurbished phone. i've had no problems so far.
fast shipping! phone is great!
i had some hesitation about ordering a refurbished phone, but i have been very pleased with my order. phone arrived in pristine condition in a nondescript box with only the phone itself and charging equipment (no headphones with my order). performance and battery life have both been great so far. no complaints so far.
great phone, received ahead of schedule. i was able to activate on my account immediately and it works great.
nice,still learning how to use and awesome photo's and video
i was a little wary buying this phone since it is refurbished.  (i've had issues with refurbished electronics in the past.)  but despite my doubts, this phone has worked great!  ive been using it for 2 and a half months and haven't had any issues with it.  i would definetly buy it again!
so far, so good.  phone arrived without a scratch on it, no signs of use.  proper charger & cable.  even without power saving mode enabled, battery life has been great.  get a good case, there is a lot of expensive glass on this.  (spigen neohybrid works for me.)  the only downside is that all software updates since the phone was manufactured have to be installed sequentially.  prepare to spend a couple of hours installing updates to get to the current build.
product is in excellent condition, there are no flaws or signs of use at all. the product did not come with the sd and sim card ejection tool, but only a slight inconvenience
excellent product. i'm so happy with my phone.
the phone is absolutely great and the quality in which it was refurbished is even better.
works perfect and no problems!
so far the phone has been flawless.  i use it on straight talk cdma.
loving it
great condition, product came as described. unlocked verizon phone...nicely packaged with a charger.
great service , great phone enjoying mine 
i like the phone have no problems so far with it. it does everything expected and more. no regrets yet.
the phone has worked really well and the battery life has been fairly decent. it's not a brand new battery by any means, but works well.
this product is exactly what i expected.  it has several minor scratches and the battery life is very slightly shorter than a new phone, but (so far at least) it runs fine and has fine battery life.  it seems comparable to my old phone, which i broke by dropping it (hence the need for a replacement).  i am not sure that i would buy this as a new phone, but as a replacement for a used phone at a reasonable price it does just fine.
not 100% yet, seems to lose service yet still trying to figure out if it's the phone or the service because i never had trouble with past phones... i'm starting to think i need to return the phone...
great phone works like a champ
it works good
i enjoy everything about my sims song i love it the only thing i don't like is that i have metro pc network is an unlocked phone so my network drops every once in awhile my phone calls drop every once in awhile but other than that i enjoyed it
advertised originally as not compatible with verizon it seems the listing had changed, no big deal  just odd i thought . not pleased with thefact it came a day after its guaranteed date but allnall not bad
i was pleasantly surprised when i received my phone, it looked brand new. no scratches, screen was in perfect condition.  i switched my straight talk sim card to this phone and had no issues what so ever. ive had the phone since feb and its now early april, i waited to review this phone so i could make sure of how it would operate. so far its had one little minor hiccup that has fixed itself. i am extremely pleased with my purchase and would not hesitate to buy from this seller again.
came on time and in decent condition. there is one minor imperfection with the screen. there's a small grey dot about this size (.) there are also scratches at the charging port. this phone works with my tmobile service. the key to open the son card port was broken off so i had to use a different one i  had laying around.
phone came in good condition has been working very good for a month now except 4 start because it's not updating the software. no bloatware problems and i just plugged in my sim and  began to use... good value for the money hope i find how to get it to software update haven't explored my options yet
i believe i overpayed for this product as it is just a refurbished model with no accessories but it did came mint condition with no scratches or issues and a 90 day warranty so i am content with the product received.
love the phone but the charger that came with it did not work.
phone came in good condition.works fine and looks fairly new .i've had no issues thus far! thanks kiss electronics.i will be returning
after much research and reading customer reviews i bought the s7 edge in silver. i was really apprehensive about it from reading the negative reviews. i was really surprised how nice the phone was when received. i am a quality inspector, 30 yrs., and put my experienced eye on it. the only blemish i could find was a couple minute scratches near the usb port. i read bad reviews from people who said the phones didn't work. the wife has the same exact phone so i borrowed her sim card. turned it on and it fired right up, connected to the network. everything worked as is should. display is beautiful, clear and sharp. i've only had it for 3 days so i can't comment on breakdowns. battery life seems to same or similar to the wife's. would i buy a phone this way again?....maybe. time will tell.
i like my phone it works great the price was  good too but it didn't come with a screen protector
never expected to get a refurbished  phone this new 100% recommend dealfisher
product arrived as expected. great purchase!
really pleased so far,seems to be a nice phone.
great phone, great price, thanks.
i'm really glad i chose this seller and this phone. if it weren't for the fact that it was listed as a refurbished phone, i would've never known. it works like a gem and i woukd highly recommend this to anyone.
got my phone about 2 weeks ago and have been very pleased thus far.  it was easy to use the sim card from my old phone to transfer all my apps and contacts.  i consider this a brand new phone, rather than a re-furbished one.  the seller and transaction were handled in a most timely manner.
looks and feel like a brand new phone. excellent!
the s7 edge is very nice. it is my 1st smart phone and since it's android & samsung just like my tablet, very easy to use. verizon set it up with a sim card and i was ready to go. all my contacts transferred with no problem.
like new condition, no problem setting it up including transferring apps from old phone.
love this phone. it's fast and the design is awesome. i'm very happy with the price i paid as well.
you buy a used phone expect to act used and something wrong here and there.  you don't want to pay for full priced new phones.  you get what you get quit complaining people.
i love this phone. i'm coming from an iphone 6. my reason from switching is that i don't believe apple has been innovative since steve jobs passed away. they also throttled my phone to get a new one. so i did - a galaxy.  the reason for 4 stars is that this phone is claimed unlocked. i was under the impression, despite reading reviews, that it would also mean that the verizon bloatware would be removed. it was not, so be warned that you'll have it on your phone. i use a phone service called mint, which is a gsm carrier. this does work on this phone. you'll have to play with the settings but it'll get there.  the phone is in perfect, new condition. no scratches at all. i would definitely recommend anyone to buy from this company and buy this product.
phone came perfect and right on time. the only thing that bothers me is if you don't have a verizon sim it pops up on my window and i can't access my voice-mail.  but all in all good product for the amount i paid
works exactly as i hoped. had it up and running on at&t within 30 minutes.
great!, like new
phone arrived & worked as expected and advertised.
i'm not a huge fan of samsung phones due to their bloatwares, but i have to admit it is hard not to be satisfied with the camera and display of this phone even by today's standards. i love the fact that samsung is still offering analog headphone jack. my major complains are: 1. phone is very hard to hold for extended length of time due to its curved edged, if you aren't using a case. 2. my phone's finger print reader is lagging and not very accurate. it fails about 50% of the time. i've registered my fingers 3 times so far, no change. 3. samsung and verizon's useless apps take lots of memory and storage and slowdown the boot up time. 4. speaker is very mediocre. 5. "back" and "menu/ current app" buttons are the opposite of other android devices.
this verizon unlocked cellphone works perfectly well with t-mobile in usa and telcel in mexico (my chip is telcel, t-mobile is the roaming partner in usa).  minor setup is necessary. didn't recognize my chip at first, after adjust network operator & access point, everything is going well. the access point of my provider was necessary for get 4g, best way is take the phone to your provider customer service, since a password is necessary. no cost. i found config & password in internet and set it myself.
this phone is in perfect condition, no dings, scrapes, or scratches. i will definitely buy from here again.
came on time and works perfectly
great shape, worked just fine with my cricket service.
perfecto
loving this phone. beautiful clear screens.  love "ok google" to make calls or find directions.
i wanted to review this phone because i saw a lot of good and a lot of bad. i use cricket service and it does work just fine. you have to manually update the internet connection. a quick google search can help you with that. also, for voicemail, you have to go into the call settings and change the voicemail from *86 to your phone number or it'll say you are calling an international number. other than that, the phone is perfect. the packaging was a little mashed up, but the box doesn't affect how i use it. the camera is amazing!! it's fast as far as using apps, but it's slow to charge and the battery life isn't the best but for what it is and the price, i couldn't be happier. so if you use cricket, this phone will work! hope that helps!
this phone is amazing i still use it now. it has like the number 1 best camera. i mostly use it for youtube look up - twill too real on youtube and subscribe and see how great the galaxy s7 edge camera is with my videos
it works so good after i change the android system, fast enough for me. and the screen is beautiful
so far i love it. the only thing that was missing was the instruction manual. i've kind of had to figure out  how things work on my own
really good phone. the only issue i had was when i put my sims card in, it wasn't working. i took it to verizon (phone is unlocked but is a verizon phone, and came with instructions for using a sims card from a different carrier). verizon said it was acting like i was putting a verizon sims card in a phone for a different carrier. they recommended me doing a factory reset and trying again. once i did this, it took the sims card with no problem and i love the phone. looks and acts brand new.
