the charger given came broken.  the end of the charger was split opened upon arrival.  however the phone itself was great.
not the right color (ordered black, got gold), and not the specified chipset. disappointed but still a great product in great shape. if i had the time i would return it. still might.
ordered the 32gb verizon platinum gold s7 edge from buyspry. pretty phone and display design but defective and scratched in important places. imei was clean, called verizon to check that first. i wish more reviewers would include their phone type purchased and seller they purchased from since there can be multiples of each at any given time. it came with android 7.0. my phone has deep scratches over the home button/fingerprint reader. it overheats just from web browsing. after a few hours it used half the battery before i even added any contacts, pics apps, anything. you never know how old the battery is on these refurbished unfortunately. it freezes at times, screen unresponsive at times, dims randomly, will not add autopace when using the swype function on the samsung keyboard in google unless it is the first web page or the widget on the home screen. hitting the + to open another and all subsequent pages somehow deactivates autospace though it is on in settings, tried every fix i can online, nothing fixes this. front camera makes my face look blurred and has a lot of distortion if you don't hold it at just the right angle. this is not a beautify setting but the camera itself. my old s4 is almost as fast which is pathetic. again there's no personal data even on this phone yet. does not come with nano sim, earbuds, adapter, or original fast adapter charger. if you only read the description you will think it comes with all relevant accessories. it only says what it does not come with in the amazon refurbished phone policy. i received a charger marked samsung with just over a 2 foot charging cable that won't reach from a wall plug to anywhere. it looks like the knock offs i have ordered from amazon for my s4 that break every 2 months and don't fast charge. it did have a generic sim tray opener, essentially a paper clip. waiting on a reply from the seller. thank goodness this was shipped prime or i would really be stressing over whether i would get my money back. my s4 that has been dropped a million times and is ancient in phone age is better, not quite as fast, but only by a milliseconds on app launch and a few seconds more when loading graphics on web pages. it's hard to understand any excitement over this phone if you have owned a galaxy s older version. oh and bonus, it stinks from whatever repair was done, guessing glue for a broken screen or something that clearly wasn't sufficient for it to be working properly. if you can buy this new within $100 more i think it's worth it so you have the 1 year samsung warranty instead of just 90 days. you'll also get all the accessories and a real fast charger which can be hard to find an authentic replacement for. the knock offs really do not work the same. i learned this painfully with my s4 not charging or terribly slow and cables splitting open. ugh.
this is my 3rd phone from this seller in less than a month. the first one i received was in excellent physical condition and worked great until the fingerprint scanner stopped working on day 3. called support, "hardware issue", had to return. second phone was also in great physical condition but was missing factory apps that cannot be downloaded. called support again. they contacted samsung and verizon and said software was not factory, "possibly tampered with or counterfeit phone." returned. third phone  arrived in less than great condition physically. scratches on back and a small dark spot on the lower left hand corner of screen but everything seems to work ok. success! or so i thought. a couple weeks later, battery isn't holding charge nearly as well as first two phones. it's not horrible but i know firsthand what it should be and it's not living up. i don't want the hassle of returning again but i'm not pleased at all with dealfisher.
the phone has a bad battery. its charging down instead of up once it reaches 70%
very disapointed. phone arrived with damaged microphone. now i have to mail it back, wait for them to get it, wait for a refund, and then reorder. very disappointed.
i had a problem in one week, and can't exchange!
the phone was not unlocked and did not work as advertised. i had to send it back last friday and still have not received my refund. i had to send back a case i got for the phone half way across the country and my refund was processed immediately. this was only shipping from pa to nj. very disappointed.
while the phone works ok, it's 1 year life span is unacceptable.  it seems that samsung has not fixed the battery issue with the phones. at just over one year, the phone's case has expanded and it is bowed out at the front and the back. samsung does nothing rectify what is obviously an issue with materials.  an internet search for " galaxy s7 battery swelling " will show this is not an isolated case.
gave it two stars only because the only thing the phone i got has going for it is that it looks new and turns on. the phone is slow, battery drains quickly, heats up after a few minutes of light use, and the lcd has burns in it.
started having problems with what i thought was the battery right after the 90 day warranty expired. the phone wouldn't continuously reboot and as it progressed, it got to the point where it was completely unresponsive. took it to a smart phone expert and he told me it wasn't the battery, but rather the mother board was fried and i had been sold a faulty device. no longer trust this seller.
when i got the phone it looked brand new, until i started using it and touched on the top right corner of the screen and a pink line appeared from top to bottom of the phone. highly disappointed.
bad condition i received it with open carton & without headphones
the phone had dust in the headphonejack and charging port also had some dust stuck on the camera and speaker really dirty phone might had come from a trashcan
not only did my phone arrive late but it came completely destroyed! at least some of the other reviewers had a phone that actually worked, mine wouldn't even turn on and not even the charger was salvageable. please tell me this is a joke.
the phone was infected with virus!!as soon as i opened web browser , infected virus messages kept popping up stating phone is basically going to crash and ruin my sim card because of viruses from adult websites..disgusting!!! very upsetting .i thought phone was inspected and fixed before being sold. that was al lies!!this phone clearly wasnt !
the phone keeps overheating when using it. is that what suppose to happen? it just gets hot in my hand
galaxy s7 edge had to be refurbished in excellent condition. as you see at pic the screen was defective. every corner had dings from dropping. also at the edges you could have seen the tape which was used to stick the screen. there is no hands free included. returned. wasting of time.
phone is nice and in good condition.  however, the details said the phone was gsm unlocked.  when i put my gsm sim card it it said invalid sim must be verizon etc.  i had to root the phone in order to get my sim card to work.
0 stars
my biggest concern is  that the battery  drains very quickly and dies  before a single day is out with little use and the warranty. is only what 90 days ?  i will be contacting the reseller about this  as it is getting worse by the day  :-(  also sadly this is not truly an "unlocked" phone. it is unlocked enough to use another carrier's sim card , but it is full of verizon bloatware and has many errors that at&t and other carriers cannot work around because it was a verizon phone. you cannot make a phone call or return one or use the voice mail anything like that unless you dial the whole number from a contact not from your history these are all verizon bloatware issues not this seller it is just not made clear unfortunately this is a problem you will have to put up with. when i bought my first unlocked motorola droid it was truly unlocked with no carriers bloatware and i found it much faster and certainly fully functional. i would not purchase this phone again because of this.
this is an okay product, will keep it.
the phone was unlocked, however was not authorized for updates, would not allow for setup for voicemail through cricket and i could not read most texts... this phone was only able to make calls with my my cricket service. i have had unlocked phones that were previously with sprinit and at&t and never had any of these issues.  this is not a true unlocked phone!
supposed to be a gsm unlocked phone. it was not. sent it back was issued a refund. i sincerely hope you don't end up with the one i sent back to them. also, if it is locked, and you call them in an attempt to unlock it and that fails b(as it did with the one i bought), they will send you a prepaid label for return to them. then, instead of them simply sending you a properly unlocked replacement or  simply unlocking the one you sent back and returning it, they just wash their hands of you by issuing a refund
first of all...do not buy if you are trying to hook to a gsm network like at&t or t-mobile. it is unlocked, but will not connect to the 4g network and mms messaging will not work. should have had that information to avoid being returned. overall a great phone and in great condition. please be more forthcoming on what networks this verizon product will work with.
wouldn't work with my carrier
phone received is having scratch on top near sim card  and also charger provided is not fast charger. charger and usb cable provided with phone is of low quality . not happy. phone sold was suppposed to be of new refurbished quality it have scratches
the home button is so bad. alot of scratchs on it - pink line appeared on screen
i have had a galaxy s3, s4 and s5 and i've loved every one of them.  but when i got the s7, i didn't know what i was in for.  right off the bat, it just felt different in my hand - i didn't like it.  then months after i had it, the problems started.  it would shut down or restart on its own, it was slow and unresponsive at times.  checked for viruses and malware.  always came up clean.  so i called verizon, they couldn't fix it over the phone, so they sent a replacement.  well,  that replacement wouldn't even activate.  the verizon people were stumped and they ended up sending me another replacement to replace my replacement.  maybe it's just bad luck on my part, but i never had any problems with the other galaxies.  i really don't like this phone and i'll soon be replacing it.  hopefully, samsung got their stuff together on the s9+.  hopefully, that's my next one.  if you're thinking about buying this model, caveat emptor, buyer beware.  personally, i'd go with the s8 or s9, or even the older s6 or s5 before i got this model.  but that's just me.
the phone has a deep gash in fingerprint reader and another deep nick in the center of the glass. i was expecting some wear but not damage to that extent! extremely unhappy.
description should be very clear,unlocked but it accepts only verizon sim which is painful to have it delivered and return it back.unhappy about this deal.
this phone worked great for the first two months, but since i have had signal and connection issues constantly. also, no voicemail icons show up to tell when someone leaves a message. if your the type that keeps text messages, if you close a conversation and someone replies it doesnt open where the conversation ended but randomly somewhere in previous texts. headache!
this phone is not unlocked!!!!
i'll update the review in a couple of days, i'm hoping it will work as expected
they told me it was a at&t  ad and it was not
cosmetic condition was perfect, but the battery was used and didn't hold a charge
the cell phone is very good, but the late delivery almost makes me miss the flight.
device was not what was described. not compatible with verizon as stated. false advertisement. deal fisher is a rip off
hello i bought this phone and it says unlocked . i put my t-mobile chip in it and it's not working. i can't make calls or use the internet. can u please contact me or assist me in what to do next . thanks
awful.weak battery,wor st charger.
after less than tow months , the mobile is two hot, and gives me notification that is calling itself which leads to close the programme that i am working with, i can't put it in my ears because of its heat.
phone stopped working after one day.  i understand that stuff happens so not upset.  just returning the item and and won't be buying from kanga again.
the keyboard so hard to tape in.
i was able to verify that the phone i received was an authentic samsung galaxy s7 edge. it arrived in the time frame it was scheduled. white box, asus 3 prong to usb and a roughly 3 foot usb to micro usb cable. over all the phone is in average to good shape. my one complaint is the scuffing / scratch on the display. there are a few small, yet noticeable areas of damage on the display. i could live with this damage being on the opposite side of the phone much easier. for a refurbished product i would consider it average, given the condition.
phone is fine, but volume down button doesn't click. would hate been very easy to find, so i assume testing didn't do their due diligence.
the phone worked fine for a while but then all of a sudden the water proofing failed and my phone "drowned" from shower steam
hi, this cellphone come to me today in brazil and is blocked, and you say this is a gsm unlocked, i want to use a brazilian gsm and cant.
my samsung has given me way more problems than any apple phone i had. it breaks extremely easily, and the charging block went out in under a year (i've never had to buy a new charging block before, just cords i wore out). i really recommend not buying this phone, there's much better phones for the price.
the back cover was very badly glued, the phone was locked to verizon carrier and the original verizon sim was left inside. the seller requires that i pay for the return label even though it was their fault to sell phone in this condition.
very dissapointed was spose to be a galaxy s7 edge and i got a s7 and also has some kind of error
so all was well for the first month i think. i did notice right away that the phone would get really hot after charging it. i recently noticed the backing of my phone was sticking out so i figured maybe i dropped it and it popped open so i just pushed it closed and the back glass broke... i couldnt figure out why it was not closing or even open in the first place. then i started to notice my battery life draining fast even on battery save mode. i have to charge this thing 2 to 3 times a day. (it does charge fast though) i soon realized it was the battery. it was swollen. idk when or how it happened i didnt do anything unusual. its winter and when i walk to work its cold outside so it couldnt have over heated.. i just dont know but now i need a new battery and a new back glass cover. im very disappointed!!!
i think i read every single review on this item before i purchased it and i got convinced that i was receiving a good product. well, i have received the phone a day later than expected, not big deal.. i was anxious to get it since my old phone is having issues. unfortunately, the phone has two dark dots on the screen and when i try to activate it, it tells me that it's not able to do so. luckily the phone comes with the seller's contact info.. i left a voice message and sent an email.. of course it's friday, so probably i won't hear from them until monday. i'm already working on returning it.. i hope it's not a difficult process because i have no time for it :( bad, bad experience. i hope the seller gets back to me soon enough.. if he could replace it with a good working phone i will update you all.
phone was glitchy after 2 weeks. guess i got a bad refurbished one.
before you buy this... don't.  this phone has a battery expansion problem.  basically, your battery swells up and separates the backing off of the phone.  samsung knows about this, but doesn't do anything about it, which sucks.  if you don't believe me, google "s7 edge battery swelling/expanding" and you'll see many people that have the same problem. if you do get this phone, i hope you're one of the lucky ones that this doesn't happen to.
bought this phone for my son to replace his droid turbo. big mistake. phone constantly glitches out. has a hyper-sensitive screen. upgrades do not fix this. putting it into safe mode to make sure apps aren't causing the glitches, etc. doesn't work. even in safe mode it still glitches out. and this isn't a simple two-second screen freeze and it doesn't do it again for another hour or so. this is constant screen flashing in and out, apps are opened without him touching them, he can't send texts or messages without other things being sent that he never touches. he can't use the phone without something going wrong with it. should have gotten the droid 2 instead, but this was the one he wanted. total waste of money. this phone is junk.
i don't write reviews,but this time i have too. this phone is a piece of junk nothing but problems. what a waist of mobey. i've had cheaper phones and they worked better. don't buy
global roaming was not unlocked had to returnphone
have purchased 2 in the last year and both have had the top clip break inside 6 months
the phone is defective!! it was supposed to be a gift
worked for 2 months and now it has a bad processor. absolute horrible decision on my part to buy this refurbished phone.
i purchased this phone to use with straighttalk on the verizon network and it has been a big disappoint. it seems as if the service area has decreased. when making a call the phone drops the data rate to 1g. so no lookin up any information during a phone call unless you are on wifi. i had freaking dropped calls in 2017! i've had an htc on st on verizon and it was way better than this phone. well i guess i'll be getting a new phone for christmas.
got ome brand new just over 1 year ago. lines of pixels start going out. verizon acknowleged it was a defect and samsung did too but neither will fix outside of warranty. google red line on galaxy s7 edge and see that it is a common issue. i have not dropped or damaged the phone in any way. they put a defective product on the market and refuse to take responsibility.
would not connect to verizon service.
phone seems like it is in good condition.  my concern is the charger or charging capacity.  the charger that came with the phone is really, really very slow and no other chargers we own will charge it at all, not even the one that came with my husband's new referbished s7 edge. haven't found a clear way to communicate with the seller yet.
phone worked great until my charging port broke. said it was wet (it wasn't) and then just stopped taking a charge.
if you're used to the steady decline in performance and the overall slowness of this platform (or of ios), then you'll probably be fine with this phone, but if you're used to responsiveness and not having to wait for apps to open or for app switching to finalize, then you'll probably find unending amounts of frustration with this device. if you're on verizon though, you don't have many more options. also, the curved screen is really nice, except in the case of practicality. you'll almost definitely need a cover of some kind to keep from accidentally brushing the edges of the screen when trying to text or use the keyboard.
the phone is good but the charger broke on me in about a week, id suggest getting another charger with the purchase of this phone.
the product has arrived in great condition overall but the reason why i'm giving 3 stars is just the battery life: i've disconnected the phone with 100% about 4:00 pm, 6-8 hours after, the phone needs to be charge again. this is a 3600 mah battery, the battery should be ok about 1 day at least. plus, the temperature of the phone when you update it or play a game is high, i've had to stop when i play or when i update the phone (i don't know if with a battery replacement, the phone will be ok).  i've buy it throught tech venture and the charger that arrived with the phone was an 1 a charger: totally useless. i'm charging the phone with a 2 a charger without fast charging but i've desactivated the "fast charge mode" first. they have sent to me the quad-core (qualcomm) version, before you place the order, you should to ask the seller.  my advice: ask the seller first and if they are not able to take your doubts away, do not buy it. i'd like to return the phone but i'm not in the country right now and that's not easy for me.
pink line sometimes appears on the screen. home button is really scratched up and something sticky is under it, but it at least works, so whatever.
in the u.s., sprint, verizon and u.s. cellular use cdma. at&t and t-mobile use gsm. most of the rest of the world uses gsm. - per google research.
i am livid right now, bought this for son for christmas this year and he used it as a wifi only device. until he proved he was responsible enough to have it turned on as a phone. it is advertised as a verizon compatible phone. it is not. verizon said it is not compatible. the phone i received is not what i paid for.
would not recommend purchasing this product.
the cellphone is ok, works good but unfortunate the sealer never told me that on the screen the cellphone has a pink line across and there is nothing i can do, i decided to take it to a cellphone store and to get that fix i would need to pay over $150.00 not happy with this purchase i don't recommend refurnished products
after a few months of owning the phone a small purple line popped up on the right side of the screen. i called samsung, the employee on the phone apparently deals with this a lot, she informed me my warranty just expired and after some research online, i find out this is a 300 dollar fix (new digitizer) and you are almost guaranteed to have this line when you buy a s7 edge.  all you have to do is research the purple line problem for s7 edge on google. the most promising fix you can do at home, you can't even do with a verizon phone because they lock the secret codes.  the phone itself works great, feels great. expect this purple line down the screen though. it's a shame they don't stand by their products and fix their mistakes.
disappointed that it wasn't unlocked and i had to drive 100 miles to have it unlocked.
mostly good but my phone charges like 2% in hours and charged all night and is only at  53%
i would not recommend. although, yes it is a very nice phone. i love the resolution and everything about it. it is not worth it. obviously the biggest thing about the edge are the edges.  unfortunately about this, the edges are exposed. i only had mine for a month until it dropped a foot and the edge of the screen cracked,  and i couldn't see the bottom half of my phone. nice phone, but not practical. i wish i would have gotten the note instead. it is not worth the risk of cracking and damaging. the cost to repair is the same as as much as you pay for the phone.
good
looked great, but had to return it after 3 weeks use, email would no longer work correctly, would not send.  comcast and verizon could not solve it.  return wet great, very very professional!
battery dies very quickly, looking for them too send me a replacement phone.
although this was posted as a certified refurbished verizon unlocked phone, it isn't actually a verizon phone.  even the case is stamped verizon.  after spending three hours with verizon customer support trying to determine why verizon voicemail wasn't on the phone, they informed me that verizon voicemail is specific to a verizon phone since it is a pre-installed system app from verizon.  a complete factory reset of the phone was done twice, without the verizon apps being restored.  the verizon system apps cannot be downloaded from google play.  as such, i'm stuck with the phone.  also, amazon claims that i returned the phone and that a credit was issued to my account.  not true.  i still have the phone and a credit was never issued.  this confusion continued with amazon customer service.
phone over heated and screen got pink lines after 3 days of normal use. but the phone itself looked clean and had very few signs of wear and tear. i think i just received a bad piece that turned out to be a lemon. i sent the phone back for a refund which is still in process.
this phone is used and scratched
purchased phone as christmas gift for my husband. he has had nothing but issues with the phone.
i talked my husband into going with this and wow am i feeling stupid now. phone arrived dead and will not take a charge. another week without a phone because of no fault of my own.  buyer beware. obviously it wasn't checked at all.
the phone stopped working last week. i did a factory reset and still have issues with the battery draining in minutes.
pissed because it's locked on verizon so i was not able to use my carrier i want to try to get it unlocked cuz i really like the phone.
don't buy this... i bought two as gift, that's why i took so long to review. one came with a pink line in the screen, the other with two areas in screen with low light. and both with battery problems, take forever to charge and discarger in one hour.
i m very sad to say that this iteam doesn't fit as i expected it didn't work on my network so i sent it back to amazon hope next time whenever i will buy anything from amazon would be great work. samir parmar
do not buy this phone!!!!! i bought this phone and it was fine for about 2 o 3 weeks before it started to malfunction. the phone would start itself when opening certain apps like netflix, but that was just the beginning. after about a month and a half after i bought it the phone went completely crazy, it would shut off randomly without it even being used, it would spend entire days and nights restarting itself over and over again. i took it to be fixed after one night it just stopped working entirely. i took it to get fixed, but i was told that there was nothing that could be done so now the phone sits in a drawer after a couple months of using it. my lg 3 lasted for nearly 4 years and this phone could not last 3 months.save yourself the trouble and money this phone will cost you.
the phone had battery issues but the supplier contacted me immediately and offered a replacement.
