i love the item and it made it on time
love it
ok
loved my new phone. it arrived as expected, no delay and works perfectly. and it's so beautiful! recommended!
muy buen celular
coco
okay so i switched from the iphone x to the galaxy s9 plus. and i have to say, i'm glad i did. the size is perfect. it's long enough to multitask. right now i'm actually watching hulu and i'm typing this. which on my iphone i couldn't do. and the way it performs is 100% better than my brand new iphone x. i was pretty skeptical because i would lose everything from my iphone especially imessages. but honestly i dont miss it at all. if you're thinking about switching to android from iphone i think this is the phone you should definitely get. hands down!
big upgrade from the s6 edge +. unlocked works on every carrier. cdma or gsm.
unlocked us version.  i simply swapped the sim card from my iphone to this one and ran smart switch.  was up and running in under 30 minutes.  beautiful screen and decent battery life.  works on the verizon cdma network and the data speed is noticeably faster than my previous iphone 7+ on the same network.  earphones that came with it sound great as well, which is a plus.  i have gone back and forth between android and iphone over the years.  my last android was a galaxy s5+ which was an energy hog.  given the power of this phone i find the battery life impressive.
after doing research on pros/cons of top 4 popular smartphones in the marketplace (including iphone x, sony xz2, huawei mate 10 pro, and s9+), i finally made the purchase decision and ordered s9+. i am satisfied with the phone. it provides several super powerful features to improve experience of daily usage. only one improvement which samsung could make is to seal product boxes to protect customer's experience of unboxing.
i love this phone.
wonderful, elegant, fast, the colors in the screen are amazing
i've been a fan of the galaxy series, both tablets and phones, having extensive experience with the s5, s6, s8 and now the s9+. the s9+ has dual rear-facing cameras, a first in the series. this feature alone was worth upgrading as i'm an avid amateur photographer with several nice dslr cameras, but face it, i take far more photos with my phone simply because it's always with me.  transitioning from the s8 to s9+ took an hour but was smooth as silk.  *everything* transferred automatically - apps, pics, files, settings - including the kitchen sink. lol  i highly recommend - 5 golden stars!
awesome phone
this is an amazing phone. you get a lot when comparing to prices from apple and this is just amazing.
i bought it as a gift to my sister and she love him!
i bought one for my wife and liked it so much i bought another the day after getting it. great price, actually the lowest and best price online. will definitely buy again.
nothing to complain about.  transferred my sim card updated and started using.  i really like this phone
what a machine!!! best phone ever
i love my new phone. it is the right size and easy to handle for my smaller hands. i enjoy using the "swipe" feature on this phone as it can be done with one hand. the phone is very responsive. i haven't had it long enough to learn all the features, but so far, it has worked wonderfully and met my expectations.
everything works great
what else can i say about this wonderful phone that has not already been said? i always get black phones and this time i decided to go for the fun option, lilac. the color is gorgeous and serves to accentuate the phone's beauty. my carrier is metropcs, and while i was unable to activate it online, i called their support line and was up and running in 15 minutes. i will add that i purchased the bundle and it's a great deal. the iconx alone are more than the added cost of the bundle. the wireless charger is fun and convenient; no more yanked cords or poor charging in a year because of a broken charge port.
the best phone on the planet!!!
i like tis
bomb.com  i upgraded from an s7 to the 9+ and i love it, its so many things you can do on this phone and i still don't know everything but for the most part i don't regret spending all this money on a phone and wait let me tell you this camera on this phone is straight fireeee, its so clear and i'm making my youtube videos with this as well. samsung you did this
this is my third samsung galaxy after switching from the original iphone.  this was a huge upgrade from my galaxy alpha.  the operating system is way way more polished and the camera is superior to my panasonic lumix.  my wife's galaxy s8 seems just about the same but the 9 is noticeably zippier but i have way fewer apps.  in our household we have macs, pc's, ipads, roku's, tablets so we aren't married to any particular brand.  for the phones i've enjoyed samsungs.  my wife got a deal on an lg and it was a big headache as it had hardware failures.  important, currently, as of this writing the s9 has a software problem where notifications on the apps does not work.  since i've come to rely on those little numbers on the top left corner of my apps this is an inconvenience.  my old samsung came with svoice which i prefer over bixby for simplicity but it's slowly winning me over.  ask bixby to rap for you, it's hilarious.
i would like to try the product for free because i always wanna one.
everything about samsung galaxy s9 is awesome except my volume controls were not functioning sorry 4 stars
probably the best phone i've purchased in a long time. would definitely recommend to someone looking for an upgrade, especially if they don't want to pay more for similar performance on something like, say, the iphone x. i almost bought an iphone, and after looking at them both i decided to go with the s9 and i am glad i did. the display is pretty awesome, nice colors, and the storage capacity is great, as well as the added benefit of adding an sd card for extra memory. the speed of the phone is high, even if you have a lot of apps open, probably due to the 4 gb ram. superb performance overall. impressed me for sure.
i upgraded from a s6 edge+, and i'm a samsung girl for life. this phone ran beautifully right from the get-go. it's not too bulky, i have no problems using it with one hand. the camera is awesome. i've been playing with it since i got it out of the box! i'm still getting used to the new operating system and layout. i've been used to the galaxy's home button, and the back and multi-screen buttons, so it's interesting adapting to a completely smooth device. where the apps icon was on the home screen, is now the camera icon. if you're upgrading like i did, you have to flick upwards to get to the apps. but this is not, in any way, a downside. the speakers are great, and listening to music through earphones is awesome. i absolutely love this new phone! i definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a new phone!
i am a die hard apple person. all my desktop computers at home are apple, my other 4 family members all have iphones and we have laptops that are all apple. not really sure why i decided to try out the samsung galaxy s9+ but happy that i did so far. i was using a 4 1/2 year old iphone 5s so i figured any phone would be a huge upgrade to the modern world. it still takes a little getting used to coming from the ios system's way of doing things. i do lose the capability of imessage and facetime. not a huge deal and i can use the duo app from google which is the same as facetime. the key points with this phone are that the large and beautiful screen looks great. i like the haptic feel of the keys when texting how you feel the keys being pressed (a little buzz/vibration). i think the new iphone x does this too but again, i'm coming from a 5s. my only two choices for a new phone were this s9+ or keep on with apple and get an iphone x. the x would have cost me $1150 plus an applecare warranty for $200. i got this samsung (and got the ultimate play bundle) for $840 plus $100 for the bundle. took out a square trade 2 year warranty for $108 with only a $99 deductible should i need to use it. i have used square trade warranties in the past for other products and they have always replaced and stood by their guarantee. square trade is owned by allstate so i have confidence in them. getting back to the phone, the s9+ seems to work very fast when loading apps and pages. i use it for a lot of my wireless products at home (nest thermostat, wireless cameras, lifx lights, liftmaster garage door opener) and all work fast and flawlessly. the audio when playing music sounds great. plays very loud and clear for a phone. i like the fact that it does still have an earphone jack. i like the android system as it comes with google assistant voice command. most people hate the bixby feature on this phone. my only real gripe with it is the large button on the left side of the phone and that when trying to adjust the phone volume i accidentally hit bixby sometimes. i do like though that i's voice activated. i get in my car in the morning, speak to wake up bixby and command it to open up whatever app i need (usually waze). once open, i speak to waze to take me to work. all of this without having to look at my phones screen or take my eyes off the road. also, the bixby ai camera function is very cool too. there are about 8 or 9 different things it can do with the camera. like, point the camera lens at a sign in a foreign language and have it live translate the sign to english or any other language on the phone (and there are plenty of them on this phone). point it at food and it will tell you what it is and average calorie count. point it at a wine bottle label and it will give you the information on the wine (type, year, etc...). the only thing i think i will never use again and of course i tried it out is the animoji of myself or any of my friends. it's scary weird. everyone looks the same on this. i would personally like to see an update to the phone where they fix this to be more of a 3d type and look more realistic. i have been looking online for days at comparisons of the pictures taken on this phone compared to others. mot notably the iphone x. in my opinion, the x does do a lot of pix better. the contrast is usually better. the real advantage to this phone is it tends to overexpose a bit. so, dark scenes will look a bit brighter than on the iphone x. the only thing i had to get used to is the colors on a samsung phone are very oversaturated. colors are very bright. there is a setting in display function that gives you 4 options of view. i turned it down to one of them and it now looks a lot more realistic. i like the fact that this phone, as well as the iphone x, features ability to record video at 4k 60fps. looks great. on the samsung though the optical stabilization doesn't work when shooting 4k 60fps. keep a steady hand and this isn't an issue. for all other video formats, the stabilization on the samsung works better than the x. all in all, i am happy i went with the samsung. in a few months if i regret it, i can always keep it for a few months and sell it to get the new larger iphone x plus.  update: 4/7/2018.  the voice unlock code is terrible. and, after searching through the options on the phone i came to the conclusion i don't need it. i have the face unlock or the fingerprint reader on the back. i actually go to the back fingerprint scan to unlock more than the other methods as it's just quick and easy to use. battery life has been good so far after using this phone for 3 weeks now. one thing i find annoying that i didn't know would be a problem is the video and picture quality when someone sends me a large video via texting. whether i send them a video or they send me one, it becomes such low quality that it's almost hard to see it at all. this is because of the compression the carriers use to send these video's or large picture files so it doesn't take up much space. i was used to having an iphone and using imessage. send any size video to someone else with an iphone and it was in great quality on both sides of the text. not so with android. now this is not just samsung but all android phones. so, for now, i have to send videos via whatsapp or viber (or a number of other text apps). they do compress but not horribly. oh, and one more note. i hope samsung corp is reading this review. the samsung customer service reps have to be the stupidest people i have ever dealt with for a tech company. i used to think comcast was bad until i called a couple of times and had to speak with someone at samsung. they just repeat my question and tell me they understand how i feel offering absolutely no answers. they put you on hold to find out but come back with no resolve. just terrible customer service. 180 degrees from dealing with someone at applecare when i had a question about my iphone or imac computer.  2nd update: i didn't  realize this and this is very important to know before purchasing. in fact, i'm on the at&t network with my phone and the people in the factory store didn't know this. the sales people in best buy in the phone department did not know this either. when you buy an unlocked galaxy s9 or s9+, your phone is $840. if however you want to buy it thru at&t for their network and not a factory unlocked phone, it has different options on it. meaning, the unlocked phone will not have: wifi calling option, hd audio option, vvm (video voice messaging) and you will not get video voice calling. the option for these features is not even on my phone. now, you can buy the at&t phone and pay $915 up front or on a plan (either way it's $75 more than the factory unlocked phone). after you pay $75 ,more and if you are paying the full price up front, you can get the at&t phone unlocked and then you will have these features. nowhere at best buy or any at&t store do they tell you this. in my mind, it's a great misrepresentation that is omitted when purchasing. i picked up the bundle package here on amazon for $100 more and got a lot of cool gadgets so i'm keeping my setup. i just want others to know there is a difference when buying the unlocked version both in price and the feature set you get. i figured the at&t version just had a bunch of their proprietary apps pre-installed. hope this helps out someone beforehand that really wants those features. and, i went to the at&t store figuring there was a way they could flash the options to my phone. there isn't. they cannot update your phone to get these options.  3rd update: april 15th, 2018 i discovered a great feature today. i wish these galaxy 9 phones had the rise to wake feature which is what the iphone x has. you pick up the phone and just look at it to unlock via your face and it's good to go. what i discovered is setting the google assistant to open the galaxy even from the locked screen via my voice and the phone unlocks and does what you ask the google assistant to do. love this feature immensely.  4th update april 23, 2018 as i play around more with this phone, i am learning some cool things it can do. for instance, from the factory it come pre-set so that whether you swipe up or down the phone will go to your app tray. no need for repetition with swiping either up or down. there is a setting so that when you swipe up it opens the app tray (as it come from samsung pre-set) but change the setting and when you swipe down from any place on the phone and you've got your phones popular settings in front of you. even better, if you swipe down using two fingers from the top of the screen, it opens the second part of the settings which control other functions (usually this is a two part deal so this makes it one step easier). also, one thing samsung addressed with the 9 and 9+ (using the oreo software) is a problem people using these phones prior used to hate. now, you can set the up/down volume buttons to control media volume no matter what you are viewing. and, if you want to control the ringtone or another type of volume, when you push up or down on the volume and the media volume shows just tap on the down arrow on the top left of the screen and you have all the others ready to adjust exactly as you like them. apparently from reading online this has been an annoyance of a problem for a long time with the galaxy phones that is now solved.
love it
very nice, you get everything you want. 1. headphone jack 2. usb c output 3. 10w fast wireless charging 4. ar emoji 5. new awesome fast camera. 6. dual screen 7.water resistant
this is a great device!
i'm upgrading from a bricked nexus 5x so the performance and feel of this phone is leaps and bounds beyond what i'm used to.  i've been using google phones for a number of years so i was concerned about samsung wrecking the ui.  but after disabling bixby and its button, it's pretty much back to working like vanilla android as far as i'm concerned.  i like the "infinity screen" for the fact that it increases screen size without greatly increasing the size of the phone.  my 5x is only a bit smaller than the s9+!  my biggest complaint, and the reason i'm giving 4/5 stars is for the exterior feel of this phone - it's very very slippery!  the 5x has a rubberized coating that makes it easy to pick up and hold and also not slide off of surfaces, i greatly miss that.  for example when i navigate while driving i put the phone on my right knee.  this new phone immediately slides right off.  i'm definitely going to get some kind of case or grippy skin for it.  i am using this phone on a red pocket plan with verizon service.
only had this phone a few hours but been a samsung guy before (s3,s5active).  this phone is beast.  zero lag and looks/ feels rich af.
the phone is awesome. highly recommend it...the phone arrived without any damages...the delivery was couple of days late though...the box had all the general accessories that you get with the box
my wife loved your new cell phone, the photos are perfect and it's super fast
samsung galaxy s9+ unlocked can work with claro pr but for the internet you have to change or add the apn to use it. i love this phone!
the phone came in perfectly  no issues at all  i had the s8 and s8 plus and this is a big change in performance it runs so well for a galaxy phone
excellent
i love the battery length! i had a galaxy s7 and i would have to charge it every 3 hrs because it died so fast. so far i'm barely on 70% after taking it off the charger at 650 pm. and it's currently 1058pm for me. . i keep using it btw. i love everything about it. no complaints yet.
very nice upgrade from s7. i'm glad i went with the s9+ . i really like the big screen, and extra camera.
this phone is amazing. don't even think about it, get it.  the only thing to envy from iphone is the dynamic software navegation.  otherwise must be the best phone on the market nowadays.
great phone.  very quick to respond. we made the switch from iphone to this, and i'm so glad we did. i'm glad adding to the storage is no issue. i got so tired of having to delete things off my iphone so it could work.
wife is very happy with it so far.  fast, great battery, great camera.  i see some people are unhappy that carrier visual voicemail is unavailable from the play store for this unlocked phone (and the s8) but it is possible to get it working. i installed it from another source, called up carrier with sim imei and iccid and 2 min later visual voicemail was working great.  i might buy another one for myself.
i absolutely love my new phone. samsung hit it out of the park with the s9+. it has every feature, detail, options, and specifics that you could possibly want. when considering whether to purchase this phone, i researched all of the other top rated phones. i truly feel this is the best phone available at this time. yes, the downfall may be the price. but, i truly believe in the saying, "you get what you pay for." the price i paid through amazon was at least $50-100 us dollars cheaper than anywhere else. the wrap around full-screen is phenomenal. the camera capability is so good that i don't need to take a separate camera with me any longer. if you have the money, get it!!!
brilliant device. i absolutely love it.
love it
love the new phone. been with the galaxy series since #3. i am with straight talk and this phone is an unlocked samsung so you have to buy a bring your own sim kit which is then bucks and change transfer was quick and easy. phone works great.
the best galaxy yet!!! you have to see it to believe it..... the coral blue is stunning!!!
i'm upgrading from am s5 and am totally enamored with this phone. transferring files from my old device was a breeze. battery life is amazing, comparatively speaking, and i'm loving the customization abilities. i've had galaxies since the original s and stroll feel these are the best phones on the market. the camera is astounding. very pleased with my purchase and highly recommend this version.
i buy this for my wife  she love it  thank you guys for keeping that good job
fantastic
i have upgraded from s8 plus and i really see an improvement in the performance , especially camera, ar emoji and face detection features are awesome.
had problems activating it through verizon but finally got it.  great camera.  pretty much the same as a  s8 with a few cool upgrades.
i upgraded from the s5, and i can tell you that the phone is the best phone on the market currently. i've been a loyal samsung customer for years, and when i hold a phone for long term use i really keep it until something is worth purchasing. where the iphone lacks the s9 plus makes up for. the ram, expandable storage option of 400 gb's, and beautiful display, & somewhat ok price(the more advance the more expensive technology will be) places the phone already ahead of many phone companies. samsung truly improved upon the phone, and i can say i'm satisfied.
coming over from a nexus 6p and i'm starting to realize how outdated my phone really was. the screen on this phone is amazing. camera is awesome, and the headphones that come with the box are surprisingly decent. the phone and its settings are very customizable and that's something i really love. the resolution on the phone is absolutely beautiful. one of the best displays that i've ever seen. battery life is pretty good so far as well.  going to continue playing playing around with the phone and provide updates to whatever happens either positive or negative with my phone. but so far it's great!

like the title says... i was using an iphone 5c which was incredibly slow thanks to apple purposefully making it damn near impossible to use after the last and final update they sent me about a year ago.  i'll break down what i like and do not like about this phone though: pros - slim, shiny, beautiful screen, fast response times from everything to opening the phone to the apps i use as well as the internet.  if has built in facial and iris recognition and allows you have the alternative option of putting a code or password into the phone to open it.  (honestly i highly recommend choosing a backup option to unlock the phone because although the facial and iris recognition is great, it's not flawless especially if you're wearing a costume, heavy makeup, etc.) the sound is great and the quality of the photos is amazing compared to what i had before.  cons: the phone is much heavier than what i am used to or what i had expected.  the camera, although great when you're far away, has absolutely awful quality (much worse than my old iphone) when you zoom in.  the price for the phone was about average.  i found this to be a better deal than the google xl 2, or the iphone x which in my opinion were both overpriced, however i still think 760 with taxes is a little much for a phone, especially one that didn't introduce anything new to the market that wasn't already out there and available with other products and companies.  lastly, if you are an ios user and are considering switching to android like i did, heed my warning, because i can't put this in larger letters if i tried: do not forget to deactivate your imessages.  if you do not deactivate them, you will not be able to receive imessages (texts) from any iphone or ipad user.  i ran into a huge issue with this and even though i was incredibly careful, i still had to visit the apple webpage to manually deactivate my apple account in order to fix the issue.  all in all, i am very happy with my purchase.  p.s.: note that if you are changing from ios to android, you may also run into a problem transferring apps and logging back into any cross phone / platform games that you were playing.  i had to find work around and contact account recovery due to apple using game center vs. android using google and facebook.  i highly suggest you link any games you can't live without to facebook or gmail prior to switching devices or you will find yourself switching back and forth between devices several times to resolve the issue.
love it so far, earphones are the biggest downside to it, that look pathetically made and sound bad but overall the phone itself is a beauty
i just purchased this phone so i don't have it right now. but i'm giving an informationg of network compatibility. 2g cdma cdma800,uspcs1900 2g gsm gsm850,gsm900,dcs1800,pcs1900 3g cdma bc0(800),bc1(1900),bc10(800) 3g cdma diversity bc0(800),bc1(1900),bc10(800) 3g umts(wcdma) b1(2100),b2(1900),b4(aws),b5(850),b8(900) 3g umts(wcdma) diversity b1(2100),b2(1900),b4(aws),b5(850),b8(900) 3g td-scdma b34(2010),b39(1880) 4g lte fdd b1(2100),b2(1900),b3(1800),b4(aws),b5(850),b7(2600),b8(900),b12(700),b13(700),b14(700),b17(700),b18(800),b19(800),b20(800),b25(1900),b26(850),b28(700),b29(700),b30(2300),b66(aws-3),b71(600) 4g lte tdd b38(2600),b39(1900),b40(2300),b41(2500),b46(5200)
so far i like it. when i first opened the box today i was a little disappointed because it looked a little small for someone who was used to an lg g5 (yes, i am one of those few who actually loved the g5), but after customizing it and playing around with it for a few hours, i love it! glad i went with this model instead of the plus. amazon actually shipped the phone two days early too, which i also really appreciate.
i upgraded from my galaxy s7 and the s9 is a very refreshing experience so far. very fast and responsive. i was hesitant at first because it doesn't have a home button but i have completely forgot about it already. the touch sensor is lightning fast compared to the s7 and the iris/face scanner is bad either. the one biggest complaint i have is the bixby button which they don't let you remap.
upgraded from the s6. love it! fingerprint on back is cool and hidden home button is good too. activated verizon set up all online super easy. i bought a caseology case and screen protector. needed to change the touch screen sensitivity to make it normal (for a while it was difficult to type).
my husband bought me this phone in the lilac purple color for my birthday,...it's gorgeous! i love the display and the infinity edge. for me this is a total upgrade from the s5 i've been using, i'm so glad i waited! everything shows up bright and crystal clear. even my email looks nicer!  the emojis you make using the camera do turn out a bit creepy,...they look like you but not really. at my age i don't think this is something i see myself using too often in chat or messenger. it's fun for all of maybe 10 minutes.  the camera is nice, the pictures come out clean and clear. however i do wish all the features were explained a bit more in the manual  to make it easier to figure out. it's nice being able to scroll through the different modes with a swipe of your finger but the how-to's on using some of the different options would be nice if they were printed out in the manual for reference. i'm sure it would be easy enough to look on youtube or google,....haha i suppose this is what happens when you go from an old phone and leap frog over a few generations and find yourself in the future. :p  i'm not too crazy about bixby though, there should be a way to reassign the button to something else and remove the app entirely if you choose. i also like my camera settings set so you say "smile", "shoot," "cheese", "record video", or another trigger word,... but unless you completely turn off the voice for bixby  you can't use the voice command on the camera. one feature should not cancel out another,... maybe there will be a software update later on.  or maybe i have completely missed the setting somewhere and will bump into it somewhere after i've used it more?  the speakers are excellent, music sounds great and phone calls come through very clear. using speaker phone i actually had to turn call volume down, on my old phone it was hard to hear people talk and the mic didn't pick up very well either. not the case here!  i love this phone!  it's a nice size, easy to hold, and looks great! it was also very easy to set up and after i played with it for awhile i found it simple to navigate with a few cool surprises thrown in for me to discover. having read how similar this phone is to the s8 i can understand some people being annoyed at spending all their money and not really getting much more than they already had, but i did read before these were released  that they were similar and if i had an s8 i probably would not have bought this model. for the most part i still feel this is a great phone. i know for a fact i will have a great time taking pictures and videos of my kids and grandkids with it!  *3/21/18-  added a few sample pictures,  one is a  close up (approx.12" away, begging dog wanted my lunch), another a couple inches away, and the others from about 15 feet. no filters just had the camera set to auto and let it do its thing. pictures come out clear and so much nicer than from my other phone. i've been playing with the other features as well and results are great too.  using the volume button to snap a quick picture is convenient, it makes taking pictures with this size phone so much easier. i'll have a great time using this camera when the grand kids visit!  the lock screen is a little annoying when you have to click the power button then do the swipe screen, but in a way it's useful, my old phone did all sorts of things on its own while tumbling around  in my bag. the hidden home button and the power button are both quick and responsive, either one quickly wakes the phone up but the home button brings up the home screen if you press it when the screen is off. you can always change the time out settings so your screen doesn't click off as fast to give you more time, so not really a big deal for me.  this is a fun phone to have. battery life for me is great, i keep the display on bright because it's just so pretty. i also have the time  out screen set for 5 minutes. i just charge my phone once a day and i'm good to go! no regrets with this phone. i'll update as i go along, good or bad.
on the fence here whether i think it should get 4 stars or 5 - probably 4.6 or thereabouts, if we're counting. i purchased mine direct from samsung, it arrived on march 14th as promised. i'm upgrading from an s8, and have previously owned an s7 and note 5. this is the best of the bunch, for certain, and there is little or no learning curve going from one to the other. they took a really good smartphone (s8), and just made it better in many ways (and, in my opinion, worse in a couple, but more on that later). dimensions - it's extremely similar to the s8, the only noticeable difference is the overall length is a touch shorter - compensated for by having less black margin around the screen edges.visually, the screen is fantastic. the touch responsiveness is fantastic, and the performance is snappy. the fingerprint scanner is in a far better position than on the s8.  things i don't like as much - the iris scanning/facial recognition. i preferred the system in the s8 for sure. the avatars of yourself you can make from a selfie are, well, just downright creepy.
i switched to the s9 after i saw the price of the iphonex. i am not disappointed with switching to samsung, this phone has a much better display and camera than the iphones do. the pictures in the dark are phenomenal. it was easy to transfer all the data from my iphone because of the easy set up features. if your thinking about switching from the iphone, do it, you will not be disappointed.
upgraded from galaxy s3 i bought new in 2012.  so you know i'm feeling it.  amazed at all the added features.  i'm still learning the features
pros:  fast, bright and vivid screen, great screen to body ratio, phone has good weight (not too heavy, not too light), usb c, fast charging, wireless charging, micro sd card slot for expansion, stereo speakers  cons:  expensive, annoying bixby button (can be turned off)  o.k. not great:  battery life
i got this phone yesterday, bought it off samsung's website. the packaging includes the phone, some earbuds, a usb-c cable, and a little adapter that you plug into the phone that can be used to transfer data from your old phone. the process was quick and easy; i got all my old information from my phone. performance is outstanding, camera is outstanding, design is outstanding! i have only had one problem so far, and it hasn't been very consistent. when connected to my home wifi it sometimes blocks the connection and says something like "internet may not be available", and i have to turn wifi off and on again to temporarily fix the problem. it gets really annoying. past galaxy phones have had this problem, i only hope samsung fixes this problem. if they don't, i am going to return this phone.
fast, packed with customization, beautiful pictures. occasionally i trigger the edges when i use it in landscape mode but that's not too big of a deal. i wish it was less of a headache to disable bixby. even though i have an app that controls bixby, i still see bixby being triggered slightly before the new intended shortcut is triggered. if you're going to use a work profile on here, be warned that depending on your place of work you will not be able to use custom keyboards (understandably so). it's just a bit confusing when my s7 allowed the use of custom keyboards and the s9+ will not (both phones were used for the same job, don't know why the standards are different). great phone, i'm glad i bought it and am having a better experience with it than the phones i've owned previously (galaxy note 4, galaxy s7, nexus 7, pixel xl, moto x).
exellent
good phone
moving up from the s6 edge, the s9 is definitely better in every aspect.
muy buen telefono
great phone
great phone, no offer for insurance
i like the phone but this one died. the other 2 are working great.  the exchange is slow especially when you need your phone. still haven't got the replacement.
i really like my unlocked s9 phone.
an excellent phone.
whats to say, so far so good the phone have been working perfectly, its my little companion.
love this phone its amazing have been an iphone fan and user for long long time .this phone is by far way ahead of iphone. i was a little anxious tabout rying out this new phone i have never used a samsung phone before, but withing two days i got a used to this phone its so easy to use. you can customize it it's got so many features. it even gives you hints while using it. the phone is just awesome. and for those who are concerned about app security all you have to do is modify the apps settings. you can controll the apps access to your content and your contacts also.when i think about the price compared to an iphone x its so much more reasonably priced this phone is way ahead of iphone i usually dont write reviews but this phone deserves my review try it, you will be amazed it's an awesome phone.this phone is way ahead apple has a lot of work to do wish i could buy this phone for everyone i know on a scale of 1 through 5 this phone deserves a 7 stars
metropcs initially had issues getting it added to my account, but i woke up the next morning and it was working fine. so, if anyone is wondering it does work on metropcs/t-mobile network! :) in the usa [i'm in st. louis, mo
terrific!
love the phone! no issues at all, i had verizon and switched to family mobile.
the finger print access is a great addition if only it worked all the time. i had expected more, it doesn't feel like an upgrade.
first android phone i'm actually keeping (instead of running back to iphone).
better than ip x
wow, what a phone! everything is instant: web pages, apps, taking pix. battery lasts a long time, screen is amazing... just click "buy", you'll be so glad you did.
sweet phone. battery life is lackluster... worse than my older s7 it replaced.  go for the s9+ if buying a samsung.
great bundle! delivered fast. beautiful purple!!! love it!
it runs perfect
i really like the phone. had to replace old phone. battery lasts pretty long.
this is a great phone with excellent battery life great for people who are power users very fast i upgraded from a galaxy s7 edge to the galaxy s9 plus coral blue the s9 plus has edge screen and if you turn your phone over during a sound or notification it will stop the sound. the speakers are very  loud once you turn on dolby atmos the cameras are wonderful. this is a must buy.
nice phone
go this phone to replace my s7. got the 9plus and m loving the upgrade so far. got it unlocked instead of buying it from straight talk. i still use straight talk and works wonders. i want sure what color i wanted blue is my favorite color but went with purple one fell for the color and not regretting it.
i have a youtube channel where i showcase different types of phones and i promote all of them and i would really love to have this phone to be promoted on my channel. i have always loved samsung products so i have no doubt i wont be let down
literally the best phone i've ever had, i loved it so much i decided to upgrade to the s9 plus version. here's my layman's review on both.  pros: - the night photos are where this phone shines, definitely able to get every detail possible in low lighting. - battery life is massive with both phone: s9 has a 3000mah / s9 plus 3500mah - plenty of ram: s9 has 4gigs/ s9 plus 6gigs. both perform very extremely well but 6 gigs worth of ram seems like overkill as 4 gigs from the s9 suffice with little to no slowdowns. -  headphone jack on both version. also comes with some sweet akg earbuds. - ar emoji is relatively fun and great to show to people interested in checking out the phone - thin phone - 4k video quality - great speakers - samsung pay, literally can be used anywhere that accepts cards as it mimics the magnetic strip (not like google pay that relies on the ereader). - live translations with bixby vision - (plus version)  live photo mode. really great feature, and editable -  (plus version) 2 rear cameras with optical zoom at 2x and digital at 10x, and dual capture  cons: - while night photos are amazing, daytime photos can sometimes appear overly saturated. - there isn't a noticeable size difference between both phones. - what is the point of bixby? really difficult to incorporate it into my daily life without actively thinking "i should give bixby a try" - while thin, it's somewhat heavy. - besides the camera, there isn't a massive difference between s9 and s9 plus.  verdict: as stated above, i love the s9 so much i upgraded to the plus version. both phones run extremely fast with little to no slowdown, even having several apps open does little to bog it's performance down. photos look fantastic at especially at night with both versions. my only issue is the new bixby button: it's not something i would actively use but at least users can disable this feature. overall it's a lovely phone, s9 works just as well as the s9 plus but lacking a few features with the camera.
i was using samsung so long ago then switch to iphone. well iphone was better than samsung after changing management they lost their quality. samsung one of the best now in the market you can go ahead and buy one i think their design improved well and there is hopefully no battery faults.
nice phone/camera but it is a super slippery fragile fingerprint magnet.  case was late from amazon, slipped out of my pocket18 inches off ground and the screen cracked.  weak.  i like my note 4 better.  bit of buyer's remorse for me.
i. love. it. i waited a week to get this and so far, it's been worth the wait. ordered it new and that's the way it came.such a smooth experience with any new phone and i'm hoping it doesn't get bogged down over time. definitely a better choice than the $1,000+ new iphone, for my budget.  awesome camera and i'm still learning some of the features coming from a motorola.
love it
i love it, i have just a few days with it, but it's very fast, and the photos have a really high quality
excelente
worth every single penny
best android smartphone.
wow i love it and the camera is best ever!!!
happy, happy, happy! recommended that you still use a pin number or the finger scanner to unlock your phone and security pay type apps. the iris scanner has difficulties if you wear glasses! the facial recognition software works about 50 to 75 percent of the time
love it and was a lot cheaper then verizon and was very easy to set up.
arrived earlier than expected, everything was included in the box, works 100%.
great phone luv it
great deal, got my s9+ this week..
so far so good. never thought i'd leave apple but samsung has a better product.
i had an iphone x but i sold it for this. the iphone x was a huge disappointment. i used to buy nothing but apple products, but i realized how far behind apple is. this phone has a much larger display and higher quality than the x. plus there is no annoying top notch at the top. the camera is better, i took pictures on both phones and the samsung was the only phone to pick up the fine print from a picture on my wall standing 12 ft away. the iphone x was blurry and the print wasn't legible. this phone has an incredible aperture to take crisp pictures even in low light. i don't believe its oversaturated, it all depends on what area of the screen you tap on and the phone will adjust the colors accordingly. overall this phone probably has one of the best cameras on the market.  the specs are good, you'll be able to multitask without any issues.  the battery life is about average for me, it's not as much as i would like but it's not terrible either. i use my phone a lot for business, emails, video etc.. it gets me through the majority of my working hours around 7 hours of on screen time.  coming from an iphone user this is much better!
great phone, loving it.
i love this phone and love android oreo! received perfectly. just received a us plug instead a france/belgium one... but i had already three!! thanks for everything. works in french perfectly!
<div id="video-block-r10by7hh62v1k5" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/i/b1myohmkp2s.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/i/91qmekacwas.png" class="video-slate-img-url">smoothest samsung experience, truly the market leader for android. used xperia z2 and lg g5 each flagships of their times, paid full release amount for both phones. best experience so far. i used wave ii and samsung corby (was disappointed with both) gave samsung a chance with gear s2, got impressed hence tried s9+ refined software and redifned flaws of innovation in any successfull flagship. i didn't have it delivered but it's an awesome device!!!
excellent product. it has all the functions and great performance.
excelente
i'm very happy with my new phone.
had it for two weeks and really find it a really fine phone, i only gave it 4 stars due to the fact that i sometimes notice dead spots on the touch screen, and i find myself having tap more in some areas than in others. it's not predictable, and seems to come and go , and is definitely not a deal breaker. overall, i'm very impressed with this phone, and have no regrets buying it.
sexiest phone ever
this phone is everything they say and more. still learning all of it but not a hint of a problem
very good!
very good phone but i give only 4 stars because there is no ir port. even my old chineese phone had one ! i used it to control my air conditioner.
while i have had several samsung devices in the past - i spent the last few years with several different iphone options.  in addition to the step price and ear buds priced separately, i am much more of a fan of amazon apps / products and my feeling was these would adapt better to android products.  i am so thrilled i took the leap to make this change - and here is a list why:  1.  super high quality phone - with simple set up. 2.  amazing camera with loads of different features. 3.  dual sim - so enjoy both work and personal number on the same device. 4.  dual whatsapp!!! 5.  seamless integration for all amazon apps (photos, shopping, music, kindle, and audible).  same was not true ot iphone products. 6.  i have been duped by apple to some degree - h have invested thousands in tv and movies through itunes - hoping that one day they make these available on other devices, but happy that purchases through google or amazon will be should i move back to apple in the future. 7.  can't beat the price - was able to trade in an old phone and saved $200!!  it is hard to say what the future holds but i am quite happy to be back with samsung for now!!
