the phone is okay. but the case and screen saver amazon is selling to fit the phone do not fit as they are for the moto g5 plus!
does not charge, will not turn on fresh from the box.
after 5 months of use the phone has become very choppy in it's performance.  freezes regularly and constantly have to shut down apps.
i've had this phone for almost a week now and love it so much!  i've gone from the old nokia tank of the early 2000's, to nokia e63 (terrible symbian...i think that piece of junk os was a lead anchor that helped sink em down) to iphone 3gs to iphone 4 which i used up til just last week when i got this moto g5.....it feels like a huge leap going from iphone 4 to moto g5..  i don't remember being this thrilled about using a new phone. pros: -lte connection in manila, philippines....got impressive 25+mbps download speeds via globe. -impressive google assistant i've used for the following:: -driving directions.  provided you turn your data and location on beforehand, you can get directions completely voicecommand...if youre already travelling, you can also, with voice command, ask for specific restaurants along the route.  ever needed to do that? -identifying songs playing on the radio....i'm still exploring.  if i had to choose between fancy camera or google assistant, i'd choose googe assistant in a heartbeat.  i compared it yesterday with iphone 8 and 10's siri which was completely demolished. -sms messaging hands free.  allows you to send, read out loud, reply, read out loud your reply to check for mistakes (and it does happen unfortunately when it's a long text) , and make corrections to your text reply  completely hands-free.  what does this mean?  no need to pull over to text your friend you're meeting up when you're running late.  other pros you may find useful: -the  moto g5 camera is quite decent and does the job if you need to capture images for documentation.  why get a fancy camera for posting to social media which will be degraded anyway? -it is so intuitive. -it has the tools i needed to make tasks easier. -the price is great. -perfectly-sized screen and body.  ive seen a few reviews complainig about the "big bezel" but i don't even notice it and actually think it is great in keeping you from accidentally touching the sides of the screen unintentionally. -nice classy body and design.  i disagree with what some reviewers calling it cheap plasticy-looking which it doesnt so don't listen to people--just see it for yourself because it's obviously subjective. -speaker is nice and clear when listening to music.  unless you expect a mobile phone to shatter glass with mega bass, it sounds really pleasant for easy listening.  again, just try it and see. you may miss out on this great product because some reviewers didn't like the speakers. -user-replaceceable battery.  all my past phones' most common problems were related to battery problems so i wanted it easy to replace, especially because the higher model moto g5 plus was quite difficult to diy and expensive to take to motorola. i wud have bought the g5 plus if it werent for the battery.  cons: -turbocharging does not work.  it just charges at a constant 1+minute/% charge ....0 to 100% in more than 2 hours.  this is annoying because i purchased a couple of expensive extra chargers for the car and travel with quick charge feature only to find out the phone doesnt have the advertised 50% charge in 15 minutes i've seen around.  this charging is consistent in all 3 chargers including the original turbocharger that came with the phone. -no compass -slippery body/back cover. -barely enough battery life that last barely a day of moderate use.  i wanted to keep it slim by not bothering to purchase a protective cover for it given that it did quite well in drop tests i've seen online, but the slippery body always feels like it's about to slip off my hands and leap into the ground.  i am now looking for a cover for it.  the battery is just barely enough to last a day so that deducts points to give it a 4 instead of 5 star.  i will give an update but this far, i'm so impressed by google assistant.  siri was such a useless piece of work in iphone.  attached are screenshots of the results when i gave the commands quoted text.  google assistant demolished siri....
i owned previous version of this phone. great deal for the price. i was not expecting a totl phone. what i received would not boot. that's a pretty big difference. the phone was stuck on a boot loop. i tried all recommended solutions for this model and version of android, spent many hours on solutions.  nothing. maybe there are some of these that aren't junk, but i certainly wouldn't gamble it.
nice phone, but haven't figured out how to get it to connect to cellular data on at&t in us.  calls and text messages are no problem.  in setting it says sim - at&t...disconnected.  working forums to fix, we'll see.
great battery life. i think i just listed the only good thing about this phone. also responsive enough and will keep you just fine all day with the battery. now, here come the negatives: - first and foremost and most obvious: the screen. it's just awful. washed out colors. seriously now, i had much older phones with better screen quality.  others confirmed it with color-range software, that the display is missing colors, like it's not 16mill color like the most basic 32bit rgb, but less. whether or not, this was a design feature for some design reason or lenovo had keep the phone cheap and went with the cheapest and most obsolete lcd screen they can find in china, i don't know. but if you have ever owned any phone in the recent 3-4 years with an lcd, then this is gonna be so obvious, you may even consider to return it and i wouldn't hold it against you.  (i won't even mention if anyone owned oled and amoled screens like the samsung or lg and compare , because after one of these, this phone looks like a bad joke) . i can also see the popularity of this phone and why. this might be the only phone listed on amazon, which has the most bands and compatible with nearly every service provider in the us and throughout the world. (that's a good thing) another negative : -this is by no means is a speed demon phone. it will get you through with facebook twitter and the usual social networks out there, but don't think you gonna be pushing the bleeding edge in speed with 3d gaming. as i said, this phone will work with everyday tasks just fine. just don't think you're buying an alternative to the top tier smartphones out today. - camera. just..meh. if you had cellphones in the past 5 years, this is that midrange phone camera, which isn't particularly bad, but neither great. again, don't compare it to top tier phones, costing double or triple the price.  let's just say, it makes pictures and they are not better than average, but not too bad. actually i had a hard time telling by looking at it on the phone screen, because of the washed out /faded/lifeless screen display it has. you really have to upload them somewhere and check it on a computer display or on another phone. - speakers.  while i like the idea of the speaker placed on top by the ear speaker, it still sounds tiny. they could have tried a bit harder, and put another in the bottom to make this a stereo sounding phone, like the htc or the iphone. but again, i'm sure the costs were considered. - no notification light. i got kinda used to it on a samsung and on htc (my previous phones) and apparently there is a notification light placed on the phone (according to youtube videos), but it's deactivated for some reason and cannot be re-activated anyhow. it turns on on low battery , i could be wrong on this. anyway, you won't see it flashing, so if you desire one, look elsewhere. -front fingerprint sensor. while it's quick to read the fingerprint, this phone begs for a home button. i keep trying to push it, just because i'm used to it. others may consider it as a plus, i don't. so here you go. my review after using it on/off for nearly a year. it's dependable, battery life is fantastic, compatible with al the  cell networks, but don't expect to be blown away.
no ability to make calls over wi-fi. that was very important to me.
i broke my old moto g4 plus and thought that a g5 would be a relatively non expensive replacement (and upgrade maybe? but it was not.) and i need the dual sim function. it works ok but it freezes constantly specially when i switch from 4g to wifi. it will do just ok, until i can afford to buy a better new one.
it suddenly turns off and i have to remove and place the battery and turn it on again. this usually happens every two or three days. i tried to solve it by downloading the new software actualizations but the problem is still here...the other issue is that sometimes my cellphone freezes and i have to restart it. i think this is not related to any app, because it happens anytime and anywhere.
great phone for the most part. it's one of the smallest moto/lenovo phones of the current generation.  one issue: the hotspot/tethering option is not available. it appears grayed out in the menu. this does not appear to be due to my carrier. i'm on at&t and the option is supposedly enabled for my plan. if anyone knows how to enable this feature, please share!
i liked the phone overall, but it could not support the hotspot feature from my service.  so i have to mail it back for a refund.
bought this phone exactly one month ago and now it crashed. does not turn on now.
i did quite a bit of research before buying this phone (obviously not enough).  i was looking for a powerful phone (cpu, ram etc) with the latest os and dual sim.  but i wanted a small size (5").  quite a tall order for the us market.  no one makes such a phone.  the g5 was perfect but is not made for the us (the g5 plus is).  so i bought this international version.  the phone would have been perfect, a 5 star but the "tethering & portable hotspot" capability is greyed out.  maybe this is a problem with my phone or motorola decided that this basic feature that has been in phone for years needs to be removed.  very disappointing.  i have sent an email to the retailer of this phone hoping they may have a solution.
this phone has a common issue where the wifi will not authenticate, i have been unable to connect to wifi since getting the phone. i am still seeking a solution and if i have to return the phone i'd like to get a new moto g5 and test my luck, it is otherwise a great phone.
i hate this phone. it was great at first for 1-2 months then went downhill. it's buggy, slow, unresponsive, randomly states no coverage/cell coverage. and has horrible call quality. it has bad battery life that never lasts. i bought this in april 2017 it was okay for 1.5 months. then started having random reboot issues non-stop for months where it's on and using and then reboots. the phone now has the power and volume buttons all broken as of november 13th, 2017. so this lasted about half a year.  now i have to look for a new phone due to motorola and their horrible products.  i don't recommend motorola ever, it's horrible quality, and products
phone was not working properly.. returned it
seemed like a really good phone until i had to install the sim and after 2 weeks dropped it on the dirt and screen cracked in two places.  had case protector and screen protector which did not help.  the back cover is very flimsy.  cracked where the volume buttons are trying to remove to install sim.  phone android performance was great.  really quick.  plastic phone with fragile display glass.
impossible to open battery cover to insert the battery and the sim card. in all my years having had around 15 cell phones i never had such difficulty opening the battery cover. this is unbelievable
i have been using motorola for few years. i had moto g, x2, g4 plus and i was very satisfied. i got this g5 and had to return it since the tethering option didnt work. i hope it was a problem isolated to the phone i got and not a decision of motorola to remove that feature.
received the phone without any manuals, and even the  the 1 page 6 fold i received  applies to a previous model, i tis unbelievable  for a company selling a  highly technical product.without  a  applicable manual. will approach amazon,what to do, and may be sending it back and buy a different product
the phone is nicely sized with good screen and fast fingerprint reader. fast internet with either sim. but no tethering, no compass, and short battery life. half a day when browsing and a day when not. these are fatal flaws for me.  in contrast, moto g 5 plus has tethering, compass, and perhaps 4 times longer battery life.  the only justification for this phone is when dual sim is essential.
the mobile was ok, but the keyboard was failing after the first month, also the price is not the best , the day that i bought, just dicover that it was so much cheaper in my country where i am from, and where the mobiles used to be more expensive.
worst phone i've ever purchase. the micro phone in it stop working. i would not recommend this phone to anyone, it is not durable
it's an ok phone, just like any other moto. my issue is the wifi will not stay connected. it continuously disconnects, then reconnects. this happens when the signal isn't prime. i believe it is a feature in the programming that avoids "poor" wifi connections, but it is very annoying when i am not trying to use data, and a sub-prime signal is all i have. and there is no option to turn off "avoid poor wifi connections." it is getting to the point where i will just get a new phone. this issue isn't limited to my phone. i have seen many forums where people have the same issues, but it has not been solved. i probably won't be buying another moto after this.
it's an okay phone, but feels very cheap, my previous phone was a moto g4 plus. the phone sleeps out of the hand all the time.  the 2nd sim has only 2g, so it doesn't work with all networks. the size is good. also no turbo charging like on my g4 plus. i will decide in a few days if to return it.
it's a better buy than g5 plus us version.  it's hard to find among budget phones nowadays besides honor 5x for a phone with dual-sim, dual lte comptible with at&t and t-mobile, dedicated micro-sd card, and one with replaceable battery.  that being said, onlyl honor 5x has all the above features, but honor 5x has been out there for two years and the new us version honor doesn't have those features in one anymore.  if you care about the features that i mentioned, you will agree with me why this is the king of the budget phone 2017.  though this is not the us version, it works with all us gsm carriers.  it looks like an iphone 6 with front fingerprint scanner.  i got this case with kickstand from ebay (for-motorola-moto-g5-xt1671-black-gt-armor-case-dual-layer-holster-impact-cover) .  it works out nicely. i am waiting for a tempered glass screen protector now and will take good care of it.  time to sell my honor 5x...  after 3 months of use, the phone is partially broken.  it has experienced ghost touch (feel like someone else is clicking your phone) and after that the row of screen near rocker (volumne up) won't respond to touch.  as a result, this hurts the functionality of many apps.  the rest functions still work, but i am out of luck for repair since it's not us version and motoorola is not covering us repair under the warantee contract.  i saw there are many complain on the ghost touch issue and i tried all fixes even factory reset.  i believe it's an hardware issue since that row of the screen near rocker key is hot and the factory reset didn't help.  now i changed my mind and gave this a two star.
the second sim has only 2g connectivity. this makes it useless in the us on networks like at&t which no longer use 2g. also, the phone i received was very slow at answering phone calls even for the primary sim and very often it would not ring and miss the call completely. i am glad i was able to return the phone.
i thought it wasn't the plus version, but is ok.
the phones do well for about a year and then start glitching freezing and spazi g out fron screen to another.  even after rebot.  my family has 3 motos and i am going upgrade them to samsungs.
i'm pretty sure 2 stars is overly generous. calls drop, text messages aren't going through, the camera is too slow and the quality is very poor. also, for some unknown reason, if i'm listening to pandora and open the camera pandora stops completely.  if i could afford to replace my phone i would do so like yesterday.  i've had this phone since sept. '17.
the screen gets scratched easily (about an hour from unboxing and setting up the phone it already had a scratch), and the camera is what you would expect for this price.
don't buy this phone it's not good. bought this phone and it stop charging. this doesn't even worth a star.
broke after 2 weeks - problem with the touchscreen - keeps sending fake touch signals. two complete factory resets did not help at all, so it is the hardware that is faulty. very disappointing. (and before someone asks a stupid question such as: "did you drop it into the toilet?" - the answer is no - i took perfect care of it)
this is not a moto g5, it's a g5 plus which i specifically didn't want.  what the heck, amazon???
bluetooth and miracast do not work. you also have to switch sim cards manually to use
this is the dual sim international gsm version. phone works fine. clear audio on calls. connectivity radios work fine (dual sim's, a-gps, bluetooth hands free and audio, wifi). cameras are fine for what they are. nice looking phone. there is very little noticeable lag.  i upgraded from a moto g2. nougat has some nice features. i haven't used the fingerprint reader - but it's nice to have. the fp reader doubles as a bottom buttons function (back, home, recent apps) thereby allowing more screen real estate at the bottom. the 'moto ' app allowed me to pretty easily to swap devices taking my apps with me so that saved me a good bit  of time. very decent battery life.  here are my major issues which made me deduct 2 stars. 1. the speaker phone volume is too low :@. 2. the power from the audio jack is a fair bit lower than the g2. when i plug into my externally powered book shelf speakers at home, at max volume on the phone, it is only maybe half of what it would have been with the g2. :@ 3. the back cover does not have the textured backing like the moto g and g2 - which annoys me, because now it slips out my hand easily :@. and i may now be forced to get a thin rubber case just for that reason! 4.  the micro sd card slot is tricky! it is not intuitive as to how far it needs to go in and at the first attempt i think i shoved mine in too far, and it looks like i damaged the pins inside the slot so now it doesn't read my sd card. so buyers be very careful when inserting your sd card. it does not go in all the way. at least the onboard 32gb (24 gb free) makes up for me not having an sd card in. 5. phone gets extremely hot (upper back side) when running gps / navigation. although - the back cover has a number of copper pins sticking out on the underside of it so there may be antennas located in the back cover (??) for better reception (??).
it doesnt turn on
amazon prime and motorola advertise moto g5 as compatible with gsm and verizon cdma. i tried to activate with verizon. their computers said this device not compatible with cdma. the iemi was not locatable on verizon system. i called motorola. they said the iemi on this moto g5 was not on the us data system, was sourced from cayman islands, compatibility could not be resolved by motorola.  returned device to amazon as it did not perform according to advertisement, and neither the oem, motorola, or verizon could identify the device.  wasted several hours trying to resolve this with no result: problem essentially false characterization of the device on amazone website!!!
this is not a moto g5, it's a g5 plus which i specifically didn't want.  what the heck, amazon???
bluetooth and miracast do not work. you also have to switch sim cards manually to use
this is the dual sim international gsm version. phone works fine. clear audio on calls. connectivity radios work fine (dual sim's, a-gps, bluetooth hands free and audio, wifi). cameras are fine for what they are. nice looking phone. there is very little noticeable lag.  i upgraded from a moto g2. nougat has some nice features. i haven't used the fingerprint reader - but it's nice to have. the fp reader doubles as a bottom buttons function (back, home, recent apps) thereby allowing more screen real estate at the bottom. the 'moto ' app allowed me to pretty easily to swap devices taking my apps with me so that saved me a good bit  of time. very decent battery life.  here are my major issues which made me deduct 2 stars. 1. the speaker phone volume is too low :@. 2. the power from the audio jack is a fair bit lower than the g2. when i plug into my externally powered book shelf speakers at home, at max volume on the phone, it is only maybe half of what it would have been with the g2. :@ 3. the back cover does not have the textured backing like the moto g and g2 - which annoys me, because now it slips out my hand easily :@. and i may now be forced to get a thin rubber case just for that reason! 4.  the micro sd card slot is tricky! it is not intuitive as to how far it needs to go in and at the first attempt i think i shoved mine in too far, and it looks like i damaged the pins inside the slot so now it doesn't read my sd card. so buyers be very careful when inserting your sd card. it does not go in all the way. at least the onboard 32gb (24 gb free) makes up for me not having an sd card in. 5. phone gets extremely hot (upper back side) when running gps / navigation. although - the back cover has a number of copper pins sticking out on the underside of it so there may be antennas located in the back cover (??) for better reception (??).
it doesnt turn on
amazon prime and motorola advertise moto g5 as compatible with gsm and verizon cdma. i tried to activate with verizon. their computers said this device not compatible with cdma. the iemi was not locatable on verizon system. i called motorola. they said the iemi on this moto g5 was not on the us data system, was sourced from cayman islands, compatibility could not be resolved by motorola.  returned device to amazon as it did not perform according to advertisement, and neither the oem, motorola, or verizon could identify the device.  wasted several hours trying to resolve this with no result: problem essentially false characterization of the device on amazone website!!!
it doesn't work, i want my money back. it keeps restarting and freezing over and over again, i've followed all of the troubleshooting steps to fix it, but it's the same.
this was not a new product.  it was missing some of the internal packaging, came with a samsung charging cable and clearly had fingerprints all over the phone.  also, instructions are in spanish and you have to go to motorola's international site in order to find english instructions.  the sim card and sd card requires you to remove the back of the phone which is not too difficult.  other than that it appears to be working correctly and connects to t-mobile in the us.  just be warned that this appears to be refurbished or a returned item in good condition, but it's not new which i didn't see anywhere in the description.
there were no instructions in english so i had to guess regarding how to get the battery in. this phone is also not comparable with the verizon network (which is the only network that i get in my area) so it's useless to me and since i scratched the case trying to get the battery in to initially charge it (couldn't read the instructions since they weren't in english) i couldn't return it. a total waste of money!
purchased moto g5 international can't use phone to full capacity can only use in the house for wifi to work . all pictures gone.so disappointed .
the tlf arrived in a very good condition but the battery does not last for an hour, it was restored from the factory and the same problem remained. the seller did not want to replace a battery or a partial refund.
hard to open the battery case, inserting sim . also doesnt come work ear phone!
can;t term off vibration.  company does not communicate at all and, as usual, web site faq never has answers for anyone's particular issue.
never work
moto g gets slow frozen stuck and only returns to normal for awhile after restarting. often caller can only hear me after restarting. heats up and drains battery. takes forever to start after turning on. bought a samsung to replace it after 6 months of use. do not recommend.
much bigger than i thought, takes up half a purse.  won't connect to my wifi and tried numerous help sites and suggestions.  the price is right if you just want to get/make call and send emails.  not much help if you need to use wifi though.  would not purchase again.
popup ads drive me crazy!  they interrupt when playing audible books.  they play everytime the screen timeout occurs.  i like the phone, but cannot recommend it with these constant ads.
i did received this item in chile some time ago, it was delivered on time, and everything was in its place inside the box, a brand new phone. i turned it on, configured it and i noticed that it didn't ask about the finger print sensor's configuration, so i tried to use it...it was not working... did a complete reset and nothing changed... it did auto-update and tried again... nothing. i am having a refund after a lot of days... will buy an honor 7x instead =)
trying to talk to someone.  this phone is not even supported in the us. i'm not really good at all this and it's taken me this long to figure it all out. please someone help me!?!?
it's not a bad phone, but i don't like that it's so integrated with google that i can't seem to chose apps that are independent of google.  ok, so there are some good things.  performance is acceptable, camera is good for the price.  the speakers are also alright. takes a long time to load from my micro sd card, which is very annoying.  dual sim works well.  personally, i liked my lg dual sim and acer triple sim (yes, they make a triple sim phone) better. i have to admit, though, this moto has better style and branding.  performance isn't as good as an alcatel idol 4s, which isn't as expensive!  it's also a hybrid dual sim.  you just pay more for the moto brand.
purchased this and it didn't work out of the box - the phone doesn't boot (it flickered on the motorola splash screen). unacceptable for a brand new phone! i'm returning this and requesting a refund.
phone has lots of defects. you can't send or receive text messages with bluetooth. you also can't transfer photos or data to a pc using a usb connection (old phone allowed you to change usb settings from charging only to mtp mode - transfer data or photos--this one does not!) motorola assistance is of no help.
stopped working on third day, i applied for a refund. don't buy any phone on amazon, all are defective
very difficult to open back to put on battery and sim card does not fit. returning asap
i would not buy this phone again. it's an international version, which is included in the description but i didn't understand the implications of what that means. i had to change service providers and i have zero bars in my home. it is not compatible with verizon or sprint and does not not work with straight talk. i cannot figure out how to use wi-fi calling, and looks like that's not an option. i keep getting notices from motorola but i think they are in spanish which i can't read. i am sorry i bought this phone. i don't think i can return it, because i scratched the case trying to open it up. two thumbs down from me.
the smartphone is ok for a midrange if you don't want to spend much, but it falls short to it's predecessor. <a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/moto-g-4th-gen-unlocked-white-32gb/dp/b01dzjfybw/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=utf8">moto g (4th gen.) unlocked - white - 32gb</a>provided a more comfortable experience with it 5.2'' display and neat design. this one feels like going back to moto g2 and there's little to gain: the fingerprint reader and i think the camera has better autofocus. i'd either stick with previous version or move to a higher range.
this is one of the worst purchases i have ever made. they're swiping down at the bottom is horrid doesn't work half the time. phone shuts down, weak and slow, doesn't even get a good signal. it's very very frustrating to use. i made the mistake of purchasing this and should have returned it but got  busy.  now i'm paying.  if you want to make even the most simplest tasks difficult and frustrating by this phone if you don't add a few dollars extra and go to the popular model like i was told to do. not sure what any of these good reviews are but i'm telling you don't do it!  even as i write this review it's a headache. went on to bid for anorher phone, lost because the dumb swiper button below, then it shut down....dam!!!!!
not fully compatible with t-mobile as stated. does not support volte, so you are out of luck wherever lte band 12 is the only deployed network.
the charging port quit working the day after the product support window closed on amazon, good job ensuring a product would fail right after all warranty options expired so im out $200
the mobile hotspot did not work on this phone. i travel a lot and need to use the hotspot for my laptop frequently. i use at&t and they were very helpful and spent an hour with me going through different settings, renaming networks etc. no dice. called motorola and they were less than helpful.offered me another phone, but i either had to wait six to ten business days or pay a twenty-five dollar fee to have them front me one. i would have been glad for them to put a hold on my cc, but a twenty five dollar fee to replace a faulty phone chafes a little. i returned it and bought an unlocked g5s plus. it works great, but it is too big. i really like the size of the g5, but the more i read it looks like the hotspot is a problem with a good portion of the g5 phones.
the camera takes a few seconds to think before taking a picture. you'd think that was to focus, but it's not. i also cannot figure out why i can't send or receive texts from iphones. i give up. returned within two weeks.
