excellent!!
bought 2 for my in-laws- just got the products and the phones look great...initial set up makes me hopeful. will write more once tested overseas.
great phone, even greater value. why pay hundred$ more? status?
everything is gucci but the camera
worked great right out of the box. no issue with it being the international version.
this is a terrific little phone - does everything that the big boys do but is so much cheaper! i don't need to worry about losing or breaking it, i can always get another one and still be way ahead of the game. i think its an ideal phone to order fro yourself or for your children as a cheap alternative.  i chose this model because it has a removable battery. batteries are my pet peeve with cellphones these days, it seems that many only last a limited amount of time and then you need to get a new phone (or be very technical in order to disassemble and replace a non-replaceable battery). with this phone you can easily remove it and replace it with a battery ordered from china - its the same as the g4 battery and they sell for well under $20 from ali express.
does everything the more expensive samsung does and takes exceptional pictures. battery life is also great.
ok.
so far so good... although if you can spare it, get the plus for a little extra. it is way difficult to find cases for this phone. the one touch navigation button is a nice addition, though on certain settings it is a little annoying to use. i don't like that it isn't a wifi hotspot, but... it's a quick little thing for cheap so, i'm happy, and no need to switch chargers from my old phone too. if you're coming down from a large phablet type phone, be prepared for it to slip out of your hands the first few days you're using it. camera excels over my last one (nexus 6), and the phone gestures are useful
decent phone for the money.
great phone, reasonably fast, plenty of storage space, only complaint is the battery life lasts < 1 full day of usage
so far so good, check back later
very good budget phone
great phone, at a fair price
the cellphone is great. however, the [3-pack]- mr shield for motorola moto g5 plus and the spigen rugged armor moto g5 plus case aren't for this device so i bought both and i can't use it
thanks so much, as always everything was perfect.
motorola has always been my favorite brand.  this phone is super fast with amazing features and excellent camera.  i have no complaints so far....good value for money.
not a bad phone, system updates are in a foreign language but it doesn't get many anyways. 
for the money this phone is great. the biggest disadvantage to iphone (which i ditched), is the lack of easy visual announcements on the icons of missed phone calls, email, whatsapp and massages. annoying also are the constant, and i mean constant,  system updating popups. the camera in good light is quite useful. so far holds charge really well. the sound is clear which i appreciate especially. figuring out how to transfer file via usb was the gymnastics which should be eliminated; it is  not intuitive, rather  in some way it is a hidden function. so far definitely a  4 star for me.
genial
works as advertised. like the fingerprint option.
i wanted a cheap backup phone especially for travel abroad and as hotspot. the moto g5 international (2 sim cards) meets my requirements. it does not seem to support wifi calling or volte. so far, i only used it in the us with a single t-mobile sim card - no issues here.
excellent,
no problem works well
this is an awesome, and fast phone. i like it very much, and it would be hard to beat at this price point. it is a step up from last years moto g4, and was a good investment in my opinion. i hope maybe there will be an update to the oreo version of android sometime in the future.
i don't have it up and running yet - waiting to receive new sim cards from my service providers.  note that the instructions included are in spanish, and i had difficulty finding the correct product manual on line.  you need to go to the uk website of motorola in order to obtain the manual.  the phone looks nice, has the two sim card slots that i needed, and hopefully all will work well when i get my new sim cards.  as there is not a lot of choice available in dual sim card phones, this one seems to be the best choice - a good phone at a reasonable price.
great phone.  i use it on at&t and no problems whatsoever.  i've owned motorola phones before, and this is one of the best ones i've had.
excelente
purchased via consumer cellular.  i had a moto g4 that was stolen; it worked well, but was not as crispy/fast..  this g5 is somewhat smaller, much thinner, fits in my pocket better.  if you use a purse, maybe you don't care, but the latest cell phones with 5.5" screens are not pocket friendly.  this guy is fast, has a great display, takes really good pictures.  i have no issues with the microphone, the screen, or any other aspect of the phone.  it's considerably more "intuitive" than my old iphone.  battery life is excellent, at least several days depending how much you use it..  i have no complaints at all.
so far so good. i bought this version of the moto g5, because i like dual sim phones and i actually use several sim cards. great battery duration and great performance. i love it's thin design.
incredible! i loved it, it's beautiful and it works great, and the shipping also worked great
fast, good screen, dual sim works in europe. easy to switch from one sim to another.  does anyone know if/when there is an upgrade to 7.1?
i bought this phone a few months ago.  i went for the g5 as the g5 plus and others are too big. im happy with it overall but the notifications bug (you need to move your phone to see if you missed a call or text while it was sleeping) is annoying.  according to the setup it should work: battery friendly notifications fade in and out while the screen is off to show you whats going on   ill add another star when that is fixed. love the uncluttered pure android. battery life exceeded expectations.  zero to full charge in ~2 hours is impressive. the high-grade aluminum looks great but is too slippery to hold with one hand, so i had to buy a case for it.  whats the point of a great looking phone if i have to cover it with a cheap case in order to use it!  this seems to be the trend with all phone companies, not just motorola. i upgraded from a moto g1 to the g5 and i miss the grippy black housing and the notifications led.  old school but functional.. apart from a few issues its a nearly perfect phone for me..
ok
perfect materials and product
not a superstar, but does everything i need.  a little bit smaller than the g5+, which i like, as the + and most other smartphones of today are too big.  you can take off the back.  you can remove and replace the battery.  it accepts two sim cards.  the camera is excellent.  the price is right.
very good phone. works very well
everything was like expected.....perfect!
this phone has been working very well for me in jamaica. no regrets of purchasing this phone
love it, dual sim card feature especially but camera could be better
the phone is really good. it works fast, lte flies, it has enough internal memory (32 gb), at least for me, and the size is neither too big nor too small. very importantly, it can carry two sim nano cards, which is very convenient if you wish to have two cell lines in one phone. so far the only downside for me is the material that it is made of. this is the reason why i do not give a 5-star review. it is very slippery, hence it is a must to use it with a case.
good phone for its class. zero problems. was for my daughter, who was replacing her (unfortunately lost) 2016 g4 play. a decent step up from that phone, especially the camera, higher screen resolution, double the storage, newer android.
very nice
great phone for the price.
excellent phone all around!
decent phone, i like the fact it is dual sim with an extra slot for my sd card. i just wish it had a light in the front to indicate there are messages waiting - i assumed this was standard issue for all phones - but it's quite irritating having to pick the phone up every 5 minutes to see if you've missed a message...
muy bueno
very good!!!
this phone does all i need it to do. it's fast, has a lot of shortcuts to apps, and fingerprint reader works well
excelente
exelent
wonderful phone.  would definitely buy again.  love it
i upgraded from a moto g2 second gen and i'm loving it. takes great pictures, battery lasts. i loved my previous phone but needed more space and this one is perfect for me.
nice phone!
my mom love it!
finally, the phone works! yup, its a great buy!
i just love this phone, very slick, has a ton of space.
for the money i think it is a very good phone.  the octacore processor is way faster than any previous phone i owned.  the 13 megapixel camera and the screen are just about in the same league as big boys like iphone or samsung, way better than my lg.  the nugget software on the other hand is way different than android marshmallow.  issue number 1 was ring tones you can't add a newly downloaded ringtone unless you download a new file manager app as a work around.  issue number 2 if you get a or a missed call or text on all previous androids you will get a number on the appropriate icon.  in this nugget software you better pay close attention to your alert screen, because there will be no numbers on the phone or text icons to let additionally remind you to check your missed calls or texts.  this is kind of quirky and annoying, but i am getting used to that deficiency.  if anyone knows how to make a work around this issue it would be greatly appreciated and  i will change my 4 stars to 5, but until then it will stay at 4 stars.  dollar for dollar compared to the big boys this is a great phone at a great price.
muy bien exelentes
as expected. works ok in south america
fhd screen is clear and sharp. fingerprint reader function is awesome! don't have to press it down, just pick up the phone from table and place thumb on it and it will unlock the phone. the unlocking experience is so close to the fantastic iphone 7! i also have a samsung galaxy s7 edge and the unlock process of it is so painful, not to mention it is so much more expensive than the moto g5.  dual sim function is decent. only one of two sim card will gain the 4g lte, the other one will fall back to 2g, which is obsoleted by at&t in us, so one of the two sim cards has to be able to connect to t-mobile towers, like t-mobile or its mvnos or any international sim card roaming in t-mobile's coverage. and if you turn on data on a t-mobile sim, then the at&t sim will have no service at all, because of falling back to 2g. so, the combination of 2 sim cards can be either 2 t-mobile sim cards or 1 at&t sim card specifically for data plus 1 t-mobile sim card for talk and text.  metallic back cover is not that high quality as i thought. it's not all made with metal, and feels flimsy.
excellent phone, great battery life, good signal reception on both sims, plus it takes a micro sd card without sacrificing a sim card. also very snappy with apps, all installed run smoothly no crap-wear.
my third motog,  started with version 1. motorola phones become qualitatively better, with each generation. this one made a big leap. at this price point, i cannot  see a better phone. the only significant flaw that is that this import phone uses a less powerful processor than the american version.
thanks!!!
it's a very good product!!
everything i could ask for. love you he fingerprint reader.
amazing!
great phone. the dual sim is very convenient when you travel a lot and it works really well. battery life is good too.  nothing to complain about. totally recommend it!
nice phone. and service was as promised.
excelent
this phone is the bomb- my last phone was a samsung 6 and i honestly cannot fathom why anyone would pay $700 for a samsung when you could buy this.  it does everything better than my old phone.  the battery life is incredible, the camera is great, its fast, and i love the secure lock features.  i am not a heavy phone user and i do not play video games- maybe the more expensive phones are better for that, but for my purposes, the phone is fantastic
excelent product
excellent upgrade from my moto e, plus it has a replaceable battery and great battery life.  you can not buy a model with replaceable battery in the us, unfortunately. i transferred my old cricket phone and phone number to the new moto phone after the purchase of a nano-sim card via online cricket chat.  a cost free transfer can't be done on the website directly, but must be handled by a cricket associate either by telephone or chat.  took 10 minutes.
purchased to use on a trip overseas, so won't know how it works until sim card is installed at my destination.  looks promising.
excellent!!
this is a great sim card phone for travel. because it has two sim card slots one can be as a world phone for example with a onesim card that allows you to be reached anywhere. the 2nd slot can be used for local sim cards to make calls in specific countries cheap. my last trip i used both an iraq and jordan sim card for local calls and the onesim card for calls back to the usa. of course, in a hotel with wifi, viber or similar voip call can be made free or very cheaply. when making a call or sending a text the unit gives the option of sim cards to use. inbound calls are handled by the sim card that was called.  this is a true android phone with 32 gb. a real buy at just over $200. warning: there is no usa warranty so don't drop it and expect a replacement as can be done at verizon of att. this phone is not compatible with verizon service in the usa.
works great though i am still studying it's functions
excelente
excellent product,  i love the screen and the battery life, also has great aluminum back cover.
very good phone, works quite fast, brings what is really needed, it would be even better if it would include nfc
i got this for my daughter, who had the first lte version of the moto g, but it's too small to run the latest games and store her photos. this phone is great value for money. we were a little worried that it was a "direct import," (apparently only the bigger "plus" version is available direct in the us right now,) but it's worked great on at&t in california.
i love the screen resolution. it's a good phone thus far however the mic seems a bit too low. i have to raise my voice a bit too much for others to hear me
works great, no problems
got the storage space my wife wanted.
the phone is nice, has a lot of good features for the price, the only downside for me is that you can't seem to add on your own personal ring tone and if you can i haven't found how to.  apart from that i am satisfied with the device.
excelente aparelho.
it's thin, light and gold.  my wife is happy with it.  i would have opted for the plus, but if you aren't looking for a miniature laptop, you will be fine with it.  it's good bang for the buck. the fingerprint scanner works.
this phone is great. good camera, 2gb/32gb, fast processor, dual sim thing works fine, gorilla glass. hard to find a cover, though. no bloat-ware. i know there are better phones in every spec, but this exceeds my needs. also beautiful screen & nice design. i am a fan.
everything was ok.
perfect
extremely light but packed with features. i have not yet explored the phone completely.
i had a motox from the first generation and it was the best phone i ever had. so far this moto g5 has met my expectations. excellent value for money and it works perfectly with the doble sim card in mexico.
so far so good. beautiful picture, touch screen sensitivity is just right. i have very small hands and it isn't so large as to be cumbersome, while still being plenty big to offer a nice size screen.  audio is a little lower on calls than i would like which is why i don't give it 5 star but the sound quality is fine.  phone was easy to set up at the att store. i did have a data problem (wasn't working) that was noticed the next day, but a quick 10 minute call to att fixed the problem--several reviews state it wouldn't work with att or that att couldn't fix the problem but that isn't my experience.  internet works fast both on data and wifi.  both cameras take much better pictures than my first generation moto g.  if you are going to want a nice protective case for it, but aware that there aren't that many out there at this point.  overall, i am happy with the product so far.
notice:  just discovered that this phone uses the same battery (gk40) as the moto g4 play.  it is not yet being offered by amazon for the moto g5, but it is for the moto g4 play so easy to replace your g5 battery when necessary.  i'm very happy with this phone (it replaces a moto g4 "standard version").  among the reasons:  1.  dual sim.  i am an expat in the dominican republic and in the past i have been traveling with 2 phones when going to the us.  now i just have to move a couple sliders as the plane nears either country to begin making calls as soon as plane lands.  2.  i like having a removable battery even though i might not keep the phone until the battery dies.  but you never know.  at least now i am assured that if the battery dies prematurely i can replace it  3.  the print reader is a plus for me.  with the g4, to put the phone to sleep i had to short press the power button then to wake it up i again short pressed the power button and put in my 4 digit password. with this phone, once it is turned on i don't need to press the power button for anything until i am ready to turn it off.  to put it to sleep i just press the print reader, then to wake it i just press the print reader again.  the phone wakes up immediately and is ready for business.  this phone is a bit smaller than the g4.  i liked the size of the g4, but this phone feels good in my and the size difference doesn't bother me as much as i thought it would.  i have read reviews about annoying background noises when you are on a call, but i don't experience that.  i get very good reception and the people i talk with say they can hear me clearly,  without noise or distortion,  and the volume is good.  i am happy with the camera, too.  it is as good or better than the one on my g4.  the saturation is a little better, too.  when you set up the camera you are asked if you  want rich color or natural.  i chose natural, but still the color is a bit richer than on my g4.  not over saturated, however.  the pictures look good and i don't have to do as much editing on the camera as i did with the g4.  i think the video is a bit better, too.  a little more color and a bit sharper.  i sent a clip to someone i chat with and she commented very positively about the new phone based on the video.  the sim cards are smaller on this phone than the g4, nano size, and where you put them is different.  there is a good illustration of where they go in a little user guide that comes with the phone but the guide is in spanish.  apparently this international version  was designated for spanish a speaking country.  however,there are short videos on youtube showing what goes where and what to do it that will make it all clear for you if you don't read spanish.  i do but still found the videos helpful.  the screen is brighter and the colors are richer.  i find it more appealing to the eye.  the phone comes with only 32 gb of storage, however, i put in a 128 gb sd card and added it to internal storage.  now i am loaded for bear and will likely do more with movies and videos than i did with the g4. i can't move it between phones since it is in internal storage, but when i get a new phone i can format it and use it in that phone.  i wasn't sure if i should spend the money for the g5 since the g4 was only a year old.  but i really wanted a dual sim phone and now i have that as well as other things i didn't have on the g4.  i am glad i did the upgrade.
that's was a great phone for me
moto g5 is one of the best low cost android phones in the market. i loved the phone , dual sim works perfectly and the phone is great for the cost. definitively recommended as a phone.
extremely light but packed with features. i have not yet explored the phone completely.
i had a motox from the first generation and it was the best phone i ever had. so far this moto g5 has met my expectations. excellent value for money and it works perfectly with the doble sim card in mexico.
so far so good. beautiful picture, touch screen sensitivity is just right. i have very small hands and it isn't so large as to be cumbersome, while still being plenty big to offer a nice size screen.  audio is a little lower on calls than i would like which is why i don't give it 5 star but the sound quality is fine.  phone was easy to set up at the att store. i did have a data problem (wasn't working) that was noticed the next day, but a quick 10 minute call to att fixed the problem--several reviews state it wouldn't work with att or that att couldn't fix the problem but that isn't my experience.  internet works fast both on data and wifi.  both cameras take much better pictures than my first generation moto g.  if you are going to want a nice protective case for it, but aware that there aren't that many out there at this point.  overall, i am happy with the product so far.
notice:  just discovered that this phone uses the same battery (gk40) as the moto g4 play.  it is not yet being offered by amazon for the moto g5, but it is for the moto g4 play so easy to replace your g5 battery when necessary.  i'm very happy with this phone (it replaces a moto g4 "standard version").  among the reasons:  1.  dual sim.  i am an expat in the dominican republic and in the past i have been traveling with 2 phones when going to the us.  now i just have to move a couple sliders as the plane nears either country to begin making calls as soon as plane lands.  2.  i like having a removable battery even though i might not keep the phone until the battery dies.  but you never know.  at least now i am assured that if the battery dies prematurely i can replace it  3.  the print reader is a plus for me.  with the g4, to put the phone to sleep i had to short press the power button then to wake it up i again short pressed the power button and put in my 4 digit password. with this phone, once it is turned on i don't need to press the power button for anything until i am ready to turn it off.  to put it to sleep i just press the print reader, then to wake it i just press the print reader again.  the phone wakes up immediately and is ready for business.  this phone is a bit smaller than the g4.  i liked the size of the g4, but this phone feels good in my and the size difference doesn't bother me as much as i thought it would.  i have read reviews about annoying background noises when you are on a call, but i don't experience that.  i get very good reception and the people i talk with say they can hear me clearly,  without noise or distortion,  and the volume is good.  i am happy with the camera, too.  it is as good or better than the one on my g4.  the saturation is a little better, too.  when you set up the camera you are asked if you  want rich color or natural.  i chose natural, but still the color is a bit richer than on my g4.  not over saturated, however.  the pictures look good and i don't have to do as much editing on the camera as i did with the g4.  i think the video is a bit better, too.  a little more color and a bit sharper.  i sent a clip to someone i chat with and she commented very positively about the new phone based on the video.  the sim cards are smaller on this phone than the g4, nano size, and where you put them is different.  there is a good illustration of where they go in a little user guide that comes with the phone but the guide is in spanish.  apparently this international version  was designated for spanish a speaking country.  however,there are short videos on youtube showing what goes where and what to do it that will make it all clear for you if you don't read spanish.  i do but still found the videos helpful.  the screen is brighter and the colors are richer.  i find it more appealing to the eye.  the phone comes with only 32 gb of storage, however, i put in a 128 gb sd card and added it to internal storage.  now i am loaded for bear and will likely do more with movies and videos than i did with the g4. i can't move it between phones since it is in internal storage, but when i get a new phone i can format it and use it in that phone.  i wasn't sure if i should spend the money for the g5 since the g4 was only a year old.  but i really wanted a dual sim phone and now i have that as well as other things i didn't have on the g4.  i am glad i did the upgrade.
that's was a great phone for me
moto g5 is one of the best low cost android phones in the market. i loved the phone , dual sim works perfectly and the phone is great for the cost. definitively recommended as a phone.
previous phones were nexus 5 and nexus 5x. the moto g5 is very clean android. no bloatware.  favorite moto software function is the one-button touch sensor navigation. this feature essentially makes the usable part of the screen larger by moving the navigation buttons from the bottom of the screen to the fingerprint sensor. the quick functions for camera and flashlight are quick and easy. really like the dual sim, removable storage, and removable battery.  get a case, not necessarily for the protection, but because the phone feels slippery due to the rounded edges. one handed texting feels like it might slip out of my hand.  overall, i'm a fan of the phone and will definitely look to moto next time i need a phone.
excellent motorola phone. it is fast and agile. it has two places to insert nanosim and memory card. it looks robust and has an excellent camera and sound.
best phone ever
seems just fine. a minor scratch at the bottom
so i wanted a phone with a least 32gb that has a updated os and my coworker recommend the moto g 5. i must say that  i am happy with my purchase. the camera is awesome. the speaker's  are very low. overall it is a great value for money. i would recommend this product to anyone in the market for a great phone on a budget.
all was wonderfull!!!
work very well in brasil ! loved
i bought two of these and it worked very well. i love it
the moto g5 was bought  to replace my aging nuu x4, once i realized that early promises of upgrades to android os in the latter were not going to materialize.  the g5 is faster than my old phone, and has better battery life, and also more storage space, so it's hard not to like it. it also uses android 7, so the more granular permissions control is very nice. on the other hand, there are a number of gaps that are hard to understand.  one of the first things i ran into was that it doesn't have a magnetometer. now, that may not mean anything to you, but it means that the phone doesn't have the ability to act as a compass. as a result, navigation programs are limited, because they don't know what direction i'm facing. there are also a number of sweet programs that don't work as well if you can't determine a heading with the phone's hardware.  because i wanted the dual sim capability, my phone is an international model, and while everything else is in english, the system upgrade notification is in spanish. that's a little awkward for me, though not impossible to deal with.  most of the other limitations relate to things that motorola does or doesn't include with their software. it's taken a while to get used to, but nothing serious.  will i recommend the moto g5, or buy another one? hard to say. the price was very attractive (a big part of the reason i bought it) but some of the missing features have been frustrating. i may need to try something from another vendor before i decide if moto will get me back. the plethora of cheap phones makes it hard to sort out the trash from the gems, and budget-sensitive buyers like me often get squeezed by not having all of the information available.
wonderful phone with a detachable battery (huge benefit there!). good storage and it switches fast between apps etc.
very good
it came packaged nicely and works perfectly. the only thing i dont like about the phone is way too much bezel. brings me back to 2013. ugly design.
my husband loves his new phone. it loads apps quickly.
basic performance , perfect price and fast delivery it's good deal
can't complain this phone is amazing except don't try to put too much apps on it or else it's becomes very laggy and slow. i bought this phone because of the inexpensive price and also it's dual sim cards feature-- the best of both worlds.  would definitely recommend this to anyone who wants to stay on a focused budget the camera is almost very good as well plus love the quick charging ability not to be confused with fast charging.
great phone, helps a lot.
good product it came in excellent conditions
excellent device! works exactly as it should and shipped quickly.  a+
had this phone a week. it is the real deal. a good solid motorola product. cool ringtones with it. great functionality. i am happy with this purchase.
this is a great phone for the cost. consider buying this phone if you want a newer smartphone, but shudder when at the thought of spending 800$+^ on a device you could potentially break. this phones instructions are in portuguese so if that's a problem for you beware. only complaint i have is the icons are a bit big.
i am happy with my purchase, everything was quick and easy, i bought the equipment with amazon suggestions of a case and a protective glass and everything was perfect and custom-made. the equipment arrived sealed to venezuela, with all the contents in the box in perfect condition. so far there are no problems with the equipment
this is a great phone. light weight, decent design, decent camera, good display, long battery life, good network receptors. it has everything i wanted in a phone. with the lag we get in apple phones, i would say this phone is a 1000 dollars cheaper with pretty much everything you would ever need in a phone.
it's a quality mid-range phone. our son had a 2nd generation moto g that lasted him for over 2 years, so i went with a brand that really worked for him. this one has more snappy performance, bigger storage, and a better screen (though it still gets nowhere near the visuals of my galaxy s8). the listing is very clear that this is the international version. we use t-mobile and haven't had any problems with connection or for lte compatibility. however, all of the update notifications and system-based messages like that are in spanish. even with all language settings set to english, you'll still randomly come across something in spanish. there's no way i can see for changing this over...
very good phone!!!
well so far so good, using at&t service in the usa and mexico!! love that did not come with a lot of apps installed! the only problem i'm facing is the battery runs out very fast!! that is it so far!
excellent
everything fine! nice phone
rec'd the phone earlier than expected. in factory sealed original packaging w/charging usb/plug and instructions [in espanol-this is an "international version" and is stated on ad this way.  no worries, onto net and found english translation but still had a long review of virtual and physical planes before snapping out the nano sim! all good, great graphics and res with amoled screen. so far all systems go!  i was advised to use the phone with us sim/carrier for at least a 5 min call from us phone# prior to connecting any other countries sim to use overseas.  so once i have reached my 1st destination i will update if necessary. a nice big screen, easy to use software and lots of whistles and bells for a great pirce! ciao
i bought this phone for a friend. they were very happy with it!
great phone for the price range.
i am just loving this phone. it's light weight, functional, the storage space is tremendous. it is user friendly and comes pre-installed with only the basics which gives the buyer more options in customizing the phone for personal aps. love, love, love it!!
the phone is great,but the shipping cost was to high.
very well priced phone with nice screen and good battery life for social media activities and it has quick charge. has an ok camera but for the price it's expected. it does have a very quick and nice to feel fingerprint reader. fits big in hand has speaker which is quite low. will give a long term review later
i love this phone; i had a 3rd generation and this is such an improvement!!!! i enjoy having a phone again; i struggled way too long with the old phone.  so far, i have added apps i had to delete from old phone and i haven't even started to use up memory!  the camera is so much less frustrating.  i have used a samsung and am so glad i decided to stay with motorola brand! it is a good size; feels sturdy. i bought a case and it's a perfect combo.i it's only been a few days but i highly recommend this phone.
works great. i'm happy with my purchase. performance is great. screen sensibility could be improved, but all in all you get what you paid for. camera takes great photos except during low-light environment conditions when images are a bit blurry.
it satisfied my expectations, cmara quality isn't perfect
perfect size.  my husband wanted something smaller than my g5s plus but bigger than his old e4 and this 5" phone is perfect.  this one is the latin america version which carries all t-mobile bands (2,4,12) so it works perfect for us on ting.  it has a full 1080 screen rather than the e4 720 and he can text one handed unlike the g5s plus.  it downloaded the august 2017 android security patch on booting and runs nougat so no complaints.  and as a non carrier phone you can access 25gb of the 32gb on the phone as there is no bloatware.
cool phone but i don't know i was happier with my moto g1 this phone didnt make me happy but didnt make me sad
i bought to replace my revered nexus 5, whose battery was giving signs of old age.  i have been using it on t-mobile for two weeks, and:  - it works as a phone. - it sends and receives texts, including with pictures. - it works as a camera. - it works as a road atlas. - it works as a newspaper. - it goes four or five days between charges (be sure to whitelist the sms app in the battery saver). - it displays 1080p hd. - it doesn't pester me with notifications i don't want (so far). - i have two spare batteries (purchased separately) which swap out in seconds. - it supports an up to 128 gb sd card, either as encrypted, integrated system storage, or as "external" media storage. - the "moto" software is very light and unobtrusive, and adds real functionality. - it has a headphone jack, which accommodates earbuds like the ones i already have all over the place. - it uses usb connectors and chargers like the ones i already have all over the place. - it has a working analog fm receiver. - it cost me less than $200.  i am proud of myself for finding and buying this phone.
the uk motorola site has an english manual in pdf format. this phone has a removable battery. it has two sim slots and an sd card slot. it sheds water and can survive a dunking. what more do you need?
i actually got the 64gb version which may or may not be available currently.  have been using for 7 months.  it is a terrific workhorse of a phone.  i have two minor beefs: 1. the camera doesn't always boot up reliably on the shake motion; 2. the screen feels not quite as sharply black and white as my old moto x and (oddly) as my kid's moto e.  both of these are minor issues.  this phone is incredible for the price and i would highly recommend it to anyone.
all good
i'm very satisfied with the product
great phone, i have a moto x first generation (almost 5 years with it) and want another cellphone and didn't doubt about getting another moto...
very satisfied. very good phone at great price. battery life is stellar for now and is easily replaceable when it gets older. love the fingerprint reader. size is just right. it's not a glass and titanium work of art flagship, but it's a very competent model at a quarter of the price.
