it wasn't even really unlocked
hated the placement of fingerprint scanner and bloatware. replaced it with a oneplus 5t.
i bought this equipment with international unlocking. i brought it to peru and it worked for a month. then i stop working, i talked to the seller and he told me that he had no guarantee. i called samsung and was told that the sim card slot is damaged and that they could not help me because the equipment was bought in singapore. such an expensive team and nobody gave me a solution
i received this phone in 3 days after online order and hardly used it for 32 days when it broke down. the lcd started to have bright light on left edge on day 28 ( i did not realize it was an lcd problem and thought i had accidentally turned on some feature)  and by day 32 it progressively got worse and today day 33 the lcd is totally black , when i  turn it on the phone it vibrates but the screen stays black. i took it to the service center in hyderabad  india but they said because i had bought it in the us the warranty did not apply.  i am very upset as i am here on an assignment and can not return to the us until feb 20th. this is my first samsung phone and i think i will never again buy another one. i have had iphones before but never had such basic issues or such bad service.
phone was good for a while then seemed defective. samsung update made phone mess up still in good condition. i would like a refund or exchange for a new device
i expected a larger screen, what i got is a ridiculously narrow and long screen with non standard width to height ratio. wish i bought something else with a bigger screen.
this phone does not work for verizon. its also made in uae so it will not be covered by samsung manufactur warranty.
really wanted to give this phone 5 stars. i bought the international version and received it a couple days ago however, when i plugged in my headphones they do not work. the head phone works with other phones and the phone works with other headphones  but they do not work together. i really had high expectations
very disappointed. i bought a s8+ maple gold but i got a silver.
this looks like a great phone at first. after only a few weeks, i realized that i made a huge mistake to give samsung a third chance (after owning a washer/dryer that died after only 4 years and a tv that came apart and had to be exchanged for a sony tv after less than a week).  first, samsung's bloatware really ruins the experience. however, with sweat, blood, and tears you can remove most of it. you can even disable bixby and turn your galaxy s8+ into the first phone with a non-functional hardware button. however, you cannot have hands-free google assistant, even though samsung advertises this feature.  second, the hardware is fragile. i had my phone in a samsung case since day one and it still managed to get a deep long scratch on the back. i didn't drop it. it was never outside the case. it was not a third-party case. i'm not a savage. for example, i've never scratched any of my previous iphones in the span of nearly a decade.  third, don't bother paying for or seeking support. you'll first talk to support that turns out to be volunteers, yet it is made to look like official samsung support. then you're given a phone number to call support and ten minutes into the call they mention premium support. you then respond with... "wait, your not premium support" and they give you yet another number to call. so, you call premium support, which costs $288 for 2 years by the way, and are told that you have to pay the $99 deductible even in this case. i then learn that i'm actually talking to someone from assurant who has zero flexibility. they tell me that they can connect me with premium support though. after several minutes i learn that there actually is no other premium support entity and that you're really just dealing with an inflexible insurance and that samsung doesn't stand behind their products.  i understand that there are a deductible and fine print but samsung should also understand that i only do business with companies that stand behind the quality of their products. i didn't drop the phone or use it without a case. i used it with a samsung case that ended up causing a scratch on the supposedly ultrastrong glass back. if it weren't for apple's lackluster iphone releases in the past 3 years i would've never given them a third chance. there will absolutely not be a fourth chance.  you'll see this phone on craigslist very soon and i'll be returning all my samsung accessories over the weekend.
got the phone and samsung duos was written on the back!!!! what the heck is this, and no one is responding to me fast enough.
this is an awesome phone, but the screen is very fragile. my lifeproof case had an issue so i was forced to take the phone out. 1 small drop, cracked screen....ridiculous for a $850 phone.
the clear coat did not stick and then it scratched and like usual amazon said too bad for you!
i recently bought this phone few months back. now it is saying slow charging. contact the seller, they response back saying no warranty for international version. so whats a point spending hundreds of dollar for unlock phone with no warranty and seller cannot do anything, beside sending link to fix and it diesnot work. now i am stuck with this phone with slow charging and no resell value. i felt my money went to drain. i will suggest everyone not to buy from this seller, who cannot provide you anything except link. if my phone is old like year or so i will understand. but its a brand new phone . very very upset with this seller.
k
the phone is fine but the one i received came with british charger, so i had to buy an adapter to make it usable it in us. because of that the adapter is very bulky and if you want to carry it along when travelling you may want to consider getting another one.
this phone is a great device so filled with bloat wear it's practically useless.  it's the most aggravating device i've ever used.  i'll never buy a samsung phone again and i wish i bought another google phone - pure android, no junk apps. bixby, samsung's answer to ok google, alexa or siri is the worst ai.  it's constantly prompting you and can never respond to your simple requests.  "i'm sorry but i cannot do that" is its response to most every routine request.  the auto-correct is obnoxious and changes words without warning.  the phone is also constantly trying to teach you how to use it by popping up tutorials you cannot close without completing.  sorry but i've used a camera before i don't need forced tutorials.  and you cannot turn any of this off.  bixby is there to sell you things so enjoy paying $750 for high pressure sales.  i could go on and on but i think you get the point. i really regret this purchase.
screen broke after a few months of use. first time i've ever had that happen on a "flagship" device. back to the aging nexus 6p i guess.  oh and when i called samsung about it they wanted $300 to replace it.  then when i said it was the international version they said they couldn't help me. i had to call the samsung office in the country it came from. i don't get why that matters. it's going to be a call center run by a bunch of hard to understand indian morons anyways.  thankfully amazon gave me a refund.
terrible phone, at least the one i got had very bad performance. i bought it like 4 weeks ago and already want to go back to my old phone. the index of the contact list isn't accurate, i pick "m" and even if i have contacts with that letter on their lastname i end up around "k-l"... it's the same for every letter i choose. the performance isn't good. youtube gets bugged everytime, so i end up seeing a gliched screen, or i keep listening to the audio but the video get stuck.  besides all that, the phone itself is waay too fragile. the screen unglued because the adhesive wasn't good enough.  edit: the smartphone is brick-dead in less than 5 months. don't buy it.  buy other phone if you're looking for one. this isn't worth it.
the phone start frezzing and buggin 4 days after purchase. beware that unlocked cellphones do not have a warranty.
i bought the s8+  from t-mobile on oct 7, 2017. on oct 12, 2017 , i was downloading an app and the screen was stuck illuminated for 3 hours. the screen was illuminated for 2 hours, couldn't maneuver, had a frozen screen, and i couldn't power the device off. i had to put my phone in the bathtub because it was getting really hot. every 15min i went to check on it and attempted to turn it off. after two hours, i was finally able to restart the phone. it works after the restart , but i'm definitely returning my device.
great phone but it lasted 3 days n stopped working. i brought it to a technician to see if its my fault but it was a manufacters defect  now im phoneless
"vishnu u at 13:46, oct 6: i do understand you concern, but from our end we can only check the status of the ticket that was updated by the repair technicians, carlos."  samsung has my phone for 20 days they do not repair international model, even if you purchase it in amazon.com site... they give you a run around... super, super bad deal be aware
outdated firmware (7.0) lots of bloatware on device. very bad update policies.
purchased from my network provider not amazon. sd card slot doesn't work.  this is well documented, if you search google you will find it's a common complaint.  i hate bixby and the bixby button.  if you are going to include an unwanted and unneeded button that is placed so that it is frequently confused with the volume button, at least include a way to disable it or assign another function to it.
nothing but trouble!!  apps would not turn off draining the battery. i love all the samsuns i have had but not this one!
this item is not original. the touch stops working and ink is all over the phone. i am in another country and and i bought it as a gift for somebody. this item can just be thrown in the garbage and ill call it a lost.
i bought a s8 plus phone in your store through the personal shoper of myus, when i reached my hands, i restarted the phone and it does not recognize my sim card, says it has just verizon's, please help me this is the my email luismorais12@hotmail.com
this cell turns on but this cracked a cracked is very visible and the other will not return the cell phone for the reason that in the product said  92% positive and never scared that it was cracked
i hate bixby. samsung please disable bixby. the phone is a piece of glass. buy the case before you buy the phone. otherwise it's a great phone.
love the phone but i can get it activated on my verizon network!!!  this will be getting returned!!!!
generic product, it is not original
the phone came in promptly. as others have stated, i too questioned if the phone was a fake or not because it did not come with the samsung s8+ logo on the back, it just says samsung with a printed label attached with the model number and imei on it. pros- in all its a good phone.  samsung did well and always has. the picture quality is like no other.  the screen is sleek and call and music quality is great. cons-this phone has locked features that are displayed in chinese. i can not remove and make it english. the phone also will not pair to any bluetooth device. the only reason i have not sent it back was because even though i had a gorilla glass screen on the phone.  within the first 5 hours of my using it, my umbrella hit the phone in a spot that was not protected by the gorilla glass and cracked my screen leaving a visible chip near the speaker on top. so i have a chipped screen and it does not connect to bluetooth that i need. because the phone is the "asian" version, i also can't use samsung pay because the united states is not one of the selected country options listed on this phone. just not a happy girl. i should have just waited for the note 8. if anyone knows how to change the internal setting to make it an english version and to help with the bluetooth connection. please help!
had several issues with connecting to the network. before i used to have 5 bars using my old phone and now i have one or no connection at all. it does not work with the samsung pay either.
decepcin ...
they did not send the purchased model, the model received is a single sim card. an italian model, it is very annoying, since for me it is indispensable to use two cell lines. (2 sim card's)
i got this phone from verizon. it has lots of good features, but it can't be used with a mophie juice pack because it keeps turning the screen on when it's charging. according to online discussion groups, it's a design flaw in the phone. i changed all the settings to keep the phone turned off. i called samsung, and the tech took over my phone and verified that all the settings were where they should be for the phone not to keep turning itself on. no use -- it still turns itself on every few seconds, sometimes with a pop-up saying that the phone would charge faster with a charging cord from samsung. the tech told me to do a factory reset, which is what they say when they have no idea what's wrong. that didn't work either, as other posters on online discussion groups said it wouldn't. the tech couldn't suggest anything else except sending the phone in for repair, but that seems pointless when it's not this particular unit that's at fault; it's a known flaw in the design. it's not as bad as catching on fire, as the note 7 did, but you'd think that a company the size of samsung could find engineers capable of designing a phone that doesn't keep turning the screen on over and over and over. it's especially annoying at night, when you turn off the screen, and seconds later it turns back on. you turn it off. it turns back on. you turn it off. it turns back on. if you plug it in with a samsung cord, it'll stop for a while; but as soon as it's fully charged, here comes that bright screen again.
the seal on the package was broken, returned.
i dont like batter back up
the phone is great to use, but way to fragile for something to carry around with you everyday, making it impracticable.  i've only owned it for 3 months and the phone has been in a case with screen protector since day one, but already the screen has somehow cracked with no impacts that i can recall.  after some googling, turns out this is a very common occurrence for owners and that this is the most fragile screen square trade has ever tested.  i have been a big fan of samsung over the years, but releasing a phone for close to $1000 with such a fragile screen is a really poor showing.  for those who's phones have not cracked yet, your day is coming...
is a great phone, screen is fragil. is worth to pay for a protection plan and a good case. not many rrally protect the screen so try an outercase. my problem was that even that the phone is sold by samsung on amazon. by the time yoy need to even send for repair they wont take it. just for been international version. i can understand if i buy the phone overseas.
i ordered the unlocked international version. i got the phone with italian vodafone carrier apps on it. other than that everything's fine.
it worked for 2 months and then just stopped working suddenly. amazon said they are unable to assist me so i lost $800
nothing but problems concerning the sd card. i went to best buy and got assistance from a samsung tech, i even sent it down to texas for repair at a samsung facility. they returned it and said they fixed it but i still had all the same issues. i'm done. for the amount of money you pay for it, it should work correctly out of the box. returning this shortly and looking into an lg. very, very disappointed.
awkward compared to the s7 edge. larger screen but never fills out completely anyway so it's a waste.
the item is a fake samsung galaxy s8+. it doesnt match nor the design neither the system. as i need to be secure that the information that i saved in it and cant take it out before delivering back the cellphone is not going to be used . and also need to be sure that my money will be retuned. i am going to make a police statement so please call me back an give me some security abour it. (786)3762706
keeps giving me problem saying there's moister in the charging port and it won't charge
bad phone. lagwiz is still slow and unresponsive. exynos = no stable aosp roms
phone kept on rebooting randomly by itself, had to return. otherwise great phone.
it's a very nice phone!!, unfortunately the one i bough after 15-20 days developed a camera failure: "warning camera fail". and here is the second problem... warranty is only valid in the u.s.!!!, samsung it's not like apple, samsung warranty is local on phones so forget it you think samsung will accept your warranty elsewhere. i went to samsung colombia and their preliminary analysis is that they are not sure if the problem is with the camera (70% probability) or the board.  at this time i have not yet decided if sending  the phone to us for warranty or take it to samsung colombia at my own expense. if the hardware problem is with the camera, the replacement will cost me like us$100-150.  because i saved us$350  buying the phone in us,  it still makes a good deal and the camera replacement will give me a year of warranty on phone's camera in colombia. beware because this "warning camera fail" error its a very commune hardware issue on the s8/s8+ models. i have bough several samsung phones, they are excellent and will buy samsung again... i just wasn't lucky with this one.  the phone works perfectly well in colombia (gsm-lte 4g), it gets the updates on time. i have not taken it to other countries yet.
i'm very disappointed. i ordered a international phone and it said on the box to use only a american sim card. needless to say, i had to return the phone. what's the point of ordering a international phone if that's the case.
after a few months i still like this phone. however, i do not like the curved edge! fantastic idea but not a practical application. after being told by verizon employees that it did not have "gorilla glass",  i purchased their recommended tempered glass protector. after it popped off several times within the next few days i exchanged it for a different one. this one stayed on about two weeks. with no other viable option i was left with just trying to catch it when it repeatedly popped off. eventually, of course, the 50$ glass was just gone. i do have the phone in an "otter box" case. i have accepted that i have signed a two year contract on a phone that is extremely fragile and this does not make me happy at all!
paying almost 900 dollars for a phone and then some for a case you'd think it wouldn't break. my screen has shattered twice now. i've never broken a phone before in my life. i've never dropped this phone either. one minute it's fine and the next it's shattered. it was in my purse all day next to my cloth wallet. i never set my purse down nor did it get hit/leaned on/thrown/etc.. i pull out the phone and it's shattered. i'm so frustrated and angry that something this expensive would break for no apparent reason. twice. if i could give 0 stars, i would. this is absurd. i want my money back.
i bought it to be sent abroad through a relative who was visiting. phone charged but was losing battery charge in less than one day with no activity whatsoever!!!! adjusted some setting, such as turning off the clock when not in use and brightness, but it did not help much. it was still losing power and needed to be recharged at the end of the day without being used at all. i did not have time to send back and request a new one (or maybe just a refund). i am not sure who to blame, but if i could, i would have returned the item and gone to a local store after the experience. a new item should not be functioning like that. i have talked to people who owns the same phone and they said it was strange it was losing power that fast!
faked phone. the phone received was a faked copy. it was not an original samsung galaxy s8+ phone
worst phone i have ever owned. either the battery went bad or the charging circuit/battery calibration failed right after the warranty expired. terrible customer service and they would not stand behind their product. over-priced junk! remember, these phones are only as good as their battery and all batteries fail after a certain amount of charge cycles. again, over-priced junk!
the last samsung product i will ever purchase! prior to this terrible warrantee experience i am having i liked samsung products. i have several in my home. however, when something goes wrong and you need to send the product in for service and repair, good luck! i purchased a samsung galaxy s7 edge earlier in the year after being a loyal iphone user since the 3gs. when i made the switch i was pleasantly surprised how much i liked the phone. it worked flawlessly for about six months until a firmware update they release trashed the phone. took it to a local samsung rep. at best buy and he tried for a day and a half to replace the operating system with no luck. he said that it is still under warranty so send it in and theyll fix it. sounded great, however. i called their customer service number and they stared a claim, she took my information down and told me it will take around eleven days to get it back, then issued me a ups label. i sent the phone off to them and they send me an email on june 27th confirming that they received the phone and issued me a ticket number. so far so good right? well after the first week when by i decided to check the status of my repair through the repair self tracking portal they have and was surprised to see that there was nothing in their system about my repair claim. though to myself, thats weird. on july 13th, after thirteen business days later of not hearing anything i called them again to check the status. they said that they were done with it but i gave them a p.o. box address and that they can only delver to a physical address. oh, ok i get it, a mistake. however, when the person who originally took my information shouldnt she have told me that they required a physical address? still, not too upset. they told me that they would ship it immediately and i would have it in 1-4 business days. great? not so fast. five business days later on july 20th i still had not received my phone so i called again. the samsung rep i talked to this time said pretty much the same thing that the last rep told me and that it has not been shipped. now im irritated. i told him that they had the correct address now so whats the problem?  he put me on hold and checked with the repair shop and a anne told him that they would overnight it today and i would receive it tomorrow. this is where it gets really shady. i asked this person to please send me an email stating our conversation and confirming that the phone was being shipped overnight. he told me that they do not have the capability to send emails. what? samsung cant send emails? i was pissed off so i asked to speak to his supervisor. he put me on hold for a really long time and came back to tell me that his supervisor graham will not speak with me and that he doesnt have the capability to send an email either. now im furious. im being lied to and this is getting really shady. im not sure they even have my phone at this point. he put me on hold again and talked to anne again who told him that when they sip it later today, i would receive an email stating that it shipped. i was not happy and expressed it vividly. i then went on the web trying to find another number to contact or call someone above them all with no luck. so what i found is that if these people want to screw you over, theres no one else to get involved or help. what a predicament. later the same day (july 20th) i called again and talked to another representative name angela. she checked the status and let me know that it shows on her end that my phone is scheduled to be shipped overnight and i should have tomorrow. i wasnt holding my breath at this point. well here i am now, today is july 26th and yes, still no phone. i am beyond upset and dont know if i will ever get my phone back. im thinking i am going to have to get an attorney involved which will likely cost more than a new phone. i can tell you this, if this can happen to your phone, it can happen to all samsung products. i will be switching back to an iphone here shortly if i dont get my phone by this friday. i caution you to ever think about buying another product from samsung again.
just received it and the home button does not work. the pressure sensitive button works maybe 1 out of 10 times. it's also a different model than what amazon says it is. amazon says its the g955f, but i received the g955fd which is the duos model. i've started the refund progress. i'll update when i know more.
just received in the mail and cannot connect to sprint i think it is due to the fact that the phone came with no apn whatsoever can anyone help?
my wife and i have had the samsung s8+ for a little over a week now. i am an avid samsung galaxy user, and have been using them since the 4th generation. here are the pros and cons as i see them to this device.  pros: - android nougat is a very smooth os. it's a definite upgrade from the previous versions. just keeps getting better. - the cameras on this phone are both amazing. makes great photos! - very slick design on phone, aesthetically speaking. it looks very nice. - comes with a nice variety of accessories, including adapters for charging in case you want to use a micro-usb charger or want to hook up a usb cable accessory for any reason. - extremely good graphics on this device. resolution is phenomenal. - wide range of settings for customizing your user experience and security. (even more than the usual for an android/samsung device) - continued to allow for external storage, unlike the s6, which made me very happy. - i haven't put the water resistance to the test, but i'm assuming it's as good as the last model. glad it's there. - the full screen layout is very nice for movies and gaming. i adjusted to the homescreen button being part of the screen almost instantly.  cons: - this is an extremely fragile design, especially the back of the phone, which is also coated in the gorilla glass, from what i can tell. my wife dropped hers from about 10 inches, with a case on, on the 5th day of ownership. the back of the phone cracked, chipped, and spider-webed all over within just a few hours. the phone was insured through our carrier, but the cheapest solution was to send it in to samsung for a $75 repair job (plus shipping and handling). i would strongly recommend using a reputable case and screen protector at all costs. and be sure you insure this device. lots of the durability tests that i have seen on youtube have exposed this design flaw as well. - the headphones that come with the phone aren't that great. in previous editions, they provided samsung-brand headphones that sounded great. it looks like they've started using another company to produce their headphones. there is very little bass or mid-range in the sound, so if you use your headphones for music, gaming, or videos, be prepared to get a better brand. - the new bixby application via samsung... i'm still trying to adjust to it. it's samsung's version of google assistant/siri. it's not that it's not a useful concept, but you don't get much of a choice but to use it. there's a dedicated button on the left of the phone that can not be deactivated from what i can tell. it's right below the volume button and is easy to press unknowingly and can get annoying quickly. i hope bixby grows on me. - the voice command features for both google and bixby is weak in this edition. i have had to reprogram my voice recognition settings about 5 times already, and it still only picks up the commands about 30% of the time. oddly enough, it works much better for the bixby service than the google assistant service. (that struck me as a bit suspicious) - the speech-to-text application in general took a step backwards with this edition. my s7 and s6 both did a wonderful job for the most part of translating my speech. this phone, however, has massive errors in its translation. it hyphenates words that don't need to be and substitutes words incorrectly, and often. i have to speak extremely slowly and phonetically in order to get it to work. the fact that i have a southern accent doesn't help whatsoever. this was one of the worst drawbacks for me, personally, because i use the speech-to-text feature often with my work.  overall: it's a gorgeous phone with some definite upgrades but concerning drawbacks. if i were samsung, i would put a lot of emphasis on making a more durable design on the future editions. worth buying - just keep it well protected.
i read the reviews on this phone it was supposed to be compatible with sprint services could not connect through sprint they said i had to go to at&t can't believe that  sprint was trying to drive me away from them had to return the phone because they could not put in a sim card . i was very disappointed i was looking forward to having a new phone.
bixby fail. before you purchase this phone do your research on bixby. you are unable to turn it off or remap it. if you're not going to use this feature be prepared to constantly turn it off because samsung deceitfully placed the launch button right under the volume button so your hands/fingers constantly hit it launching this under developed feature. trust it will be come very frustrating every time you sleep your phone, put it in your pocket, take it out of your pocket or in general touch your phone. terrible trickery. you've been warned.
the product didn't have its original charger
i bought this product, but i can't say anything about the quality, unfortunately the box was empty
this product says unlocked for international and i bought it and sent to africa(nigeria) and it didn't work so disappointed
need  device id (esn/ imei / meid) - samsung galaxy s8 / s8+  don't have  can't use without
i want dual sim card phone, but i get one sim card version.  overall, it still is a good phone.
the screen wont turn on. it's completely black. i can hear it unlocking, i can even answer phone calls on it and talk, but again, can't see anything. i've tried plugging it into the charger, still nothing. i had to return and wait refund.
the screen on this galaxy s8 + is very fragile. i had a spigen case on it and dropped it about 2 1/2 feet and the screen cracked. not only does the phone's screen break easily (see many of the other 2 & 1 star reviews) but it costs about $350.00 to replace.  i guess i'm going to have to go back to apple after being a samsung customer for the last 3 years (my galaxy s5 active without case was dropped at least 3 times without any damage).  samsung has lost another customer.  i bought this phone on pre-sale from best buy so you will not see a verified purchase note on this review.
i dont like it
i have tried to buy this celphone and amazon is saying that another person is doing it, it is becasue it is cheaper than the other one
the bixby button is a hassle.  it can't be changed to another function.  what a waste.
-nice screen. -bixby seems like a flop. -dumb location for the fingerprint scanner.  even with a case, it is very awkward to use. -finding a good screen protector for this phone is impossible due to the design of the screen. -needs dual speakers. -iris scanner is great, wish it was a tad faster. -phone is fast, but iphone still has grown of fastest phone -for the size of the phone, battery should have been 4,000 mah -overpriced.  not groudbreaking enough for the high price; samsung must think we are isheep!
first of all, am a fun user of samsung devices. i have owned my s8+ since 1month. my problem is that when i was texting i noticed i got a spider crack on the front screen which made me shocked and mad at the same time. i haven't face this issue before. i have owned a note 3 before it lasted for 3 years with me without any issue. s8+ is a powerful smartphone i have ever seen except the screen. it is very senestive and too much expensive for replacement :(
samsung just increases numbers and prices and decrease the quality .. this phone is total junk .. especially its screen .. gorilla glass 5 !!! scratches very easy and cracks in first drop .. so if you are buying this the first thing you are going to do is to install tamper glass screen protector or insurance because this phone is not durable .. just put it in your pocket take it out and it is full of scratch
i end up getting the galaxy 8 plus nice phone long battery-life nice screen seems like a good phone phone does have a lot of bugs hopefully they fix it soon biggest problem is a network connection bug. voice to text maybe works 40% of the
edited water having phone less than a month..ok so i've had this phone for a week and have played on it quite a bit. i upgraded from note 3. i habe this international dual sim version. pros: battery life screen size options dual sim camera both front and back video quality fingerprint reader iris scanner  cons the screen it is very fragile even the tempered glass won't protect it.  i've had to replace it one time already and that's wad 327 dollars and today the phone slipped from 2ft of the ground and i have to replace it again.  if i could go back i'd wait for the note 8 to come out the rounded edges suck.
phone won't recognize on my computer at all. i tried plugging it into other computers, but it still wouldn't show up. very frustrating!  the edge screen is unbelievably annoying as well. no good tempered glass screen protectors for this phone exist. i don't know why samsung thought it would be a good idea to force the curved screen onto all of its customers without designing a protection solution that actually works.
the phone's processor and look are definitely top of the line, however i found the long skinny shape made the phone unusable. in spite of the elegant appeal of the phone itself, reading news and looking at pictures always feels cropped. i would've rather if they added width and sacrificed length. i see a lot of people own this phone and apparently it doesn't bother them. but if you are looking for a big phone pass on this one unless you like a giraffe neck device.
i did not like the phone the phone  wifi reception  is really bad.
fell from my couch cushion about 20-24" to hardwood floor. in otterbox commuter case, iq shield screen protector. edge looks like i smashed it with a hammer and it sent a crack across the top. these phones are fragile. read other reviews. bixby is totally useless and annoying. avoid!
hi, i bought a phone in this publication and only have one for one. it's a big rip off. totally indignant. in the short term i will initiate legal actions.
phone is heavy and too large, but if this is what you want then here it is. is is very fast and so far seems like good quality (no battery issues yet). i am not sure it is worth anywhere near the price. i also have an honor phone that was $500 less and it seems just as good
i pre ordered my samsung s8 and received on april 20,2017 from at&t. i really liked the look and the screen was wonderful. but i have an issue and it is a buyer beware thing. this phone has gorilla glass 5 on it which is suppose to be the best. the other day i had my phone in my front pocket and bent down. the phone dropped out and landed on the ground face down. now it was only 10"-12" from the ground and when it occurred i said, "damn" to myself but remembered it had gorilla glass 5 on it so not a problem. later on looking at the phone i saw a scratch and on further inspection it revealed a crack that went across the phone 3 ways. i have had a samsung 4 and 6 and never had a problem with a screen when they dropped before. so beware for the gorilla glass is not all cracked up to what they are saying. to say the least i am disappointed at samsung creating a top notch phone with a screen that is so easily damaged. i love this phone but can not recommend because of the poorly designed screen on this phone.
the phone worked, looks good, but the charge is european!!!! i can't charge the phone with that!!!!
battery issues again
before you buy this phone, read reviews on the durability of the screen. there is no question whether or not you will break your screen. it will break. my screen broke after 2 weeks with both a screen protector and case on the phone. the s8 has the most fragile screen of any smartphone ever. don't believe me? google it. do not purchase this phone. samsung tried to make up for their last failure and just made something equally terrible. there is no way that this screen is made of gorilla glass. my lg screen never broke, and i dropped it off of a 10 foot ladder onto concrete. samsung is a joke. stay away.
well, this is the very last samsung phone i will ever own. i had 3 note 5's previously all with their own sets of issues, and several different samsung phones before that. the s8 lags horribly. when visiting web pages it will randomly bounce to the top/middle of the page for about 3 seconds before it settles down and starts working properly. the screen is very unresponsive, i have to hit the same area anywhere from 2-4 times to get it to register. apps crash randomly. touchwiz is still awful. there's more but i'm running a blank, this is just what i've noticed after 24 hours. the entire phone just feels unrefined and terrible. never again.
i got this phone through verizon and for the most part it's not bad but the bixby bs is so annoying. i'm constantly pushing the button pulling it out of my pocket and launching an app that i have no use for.
everybody has hyped this phone to the moon, and i was super excited to get it. i've literally been counting down the days since the release date was announced. i am so frustrated with this inconsistent piece of crap. this thing cost me too much money to be so upset about the functionality or, lack thereof... the spilt screen feature is terrible. it was much better on the s6, and the s6 was a disaster. the keyboard is awful, apps crash constantly, the back button will sometimes take you back one page, and sometimes will land you on the home screen. the sound quality is abysmal. the volume with headphones is about half what it needs to be. the battery lasts about eight hours, with normal use, in entertainment mode (which is opening a whole new can of worms, as entertainment mode should be standard. the biggest selling point of the phone is the incredible display, and you're telling me that it isn't wise to use it to it's fullest potential?) a giant failure on the part of samsung. i believe the hyped reviews have been bought and paid for by samsung, who has been in damage control for two years, and really needed this phone to be successful. i'm done with samsung. i will never buy another samsung product again, not in some effort to hurt samsung, but to keep their substandard crap out of my home. this is two stinkers in a row for me, and they won't fool me again.
forced bixby app always pops up and is hardwired to button.  unamerican, unethical, and uncivilized to force consumer decisions and behaviors.  removal apps by third parties force disabling security features so that is not an option.  my only real decision i still have is to return it for a non-samsung device.  no more samsung.
buyer beware! worst phone ever!!
buyer beware: the galaxy s8 and s8+ has extremely fragile glass.  there have been many metric tests that have shown the glass to be very vulnerable to cracking, not good for a all-glass phone.  the squaretrade testing resulted in the worst performing glass they have ever tested.  my wife and i are big galaxy fans, and pre-ordered the phones even with the note7 issues.  we loved the phones until last weekend when both phones ended up with cracks on the edge screens.  there were no drops, or collisions, or any single event we could point to for how these cracks happened.  our best guess is the cracks were from being in our pockets (also the cracks are from tensional forces, not impact), and we weren't playing basketball or wrestling, simple walking around town and at home.  it was the fact we were so gentle with these phones that has us dumbfounded.  it was after this when i researched and found they very poor performances in reliability testing on the s8 glass.  my wife's phone crack originated from the interface between the edge screen glass and the bixby button, her screen is unresponsive in an isolated area around that crack.  my phone's crack is originated from the bottom-right corner, and the entire screen now is unresponsive.  i cannot unlock the phone or even power the phone down.  i contacted samsung, and just like how they handled the note7 batteries at first, they are not taking ownership of the issue and blaming the failures on the consumers.  even though the samsung warranty rep i spoke with slipped and stated that they were receiving a lot of reports of cracks that customers claim were not from any impact/drops.  still they are taking the blanket stance that any screen cracks are user caused and voids the warranty, not taking into account all the real metrics showing the glass to be fragile and it's actually manufacturer defect.  i owned a s4, s5, s6, and s7 with no issues of screen cracks.  regardless, i'm sharing my experience and warning anyone thinking about buying the phone.  fyi, my wife had the spigen liquid crystal galaxy s8 case and zagg tempered glass, i had only the zagg tempered glass.  the cracks actually occurred under the zagg glass, which the zagg glass on both phones are crack-free.
have run the gamut to reach a point of solution toward a sim unlock solution through both parties, samsung & t-mo, both in denial. this is a samsung.com purchase out right, with t-mo as carrier. tmo claims imei is a non-tmo device, although it has tmo jingle w/pink boot, etc. and unusable tmo unlock app...tmo not touching it....!! samsung says absolutely not true. i conferenced both parties. they conversed, tmo senior rep says.  "it comes unlocked...!", no worries. complete b.s....liars.  anyway, return or persevere.... ?haven't decided, cause i am happy too be back to android, from crapple....but need an intl access device. any one else out there had any luck with a sim unlock... please respond.  !!! aaaah...!!   both parties are completely out of touch with this product ...
i would have loved this phone if it had truly been unlocked.  the item was misrepresented by the third party vendor
viene con cargador uk
claims it was unlocked, it wasn't. could not use it with verizon. also it had scratches as it was a used item
i am very disappointed. the cell phone don't have 64gb as stated in the announcement. it has 16gb. i want the cell phone with 64gb that i bought. ahhh, i live in brazil ok.
worst phone!!!!!!!!!!!! this is the second time this month the screen has broke. it dropped from about 2 feet with an otter box case and the screen shattered
completely unprofessional package and missing parts.very desastisfy
the phone malfunctions so much. all sensors goes on and off. very frustrating, am in nigeria, returning the phone to get a replacement is so cumbersome. wont be buying a phone online anytime soon. also, wanted a dual sim version, was so disappointed to see it is a single sim version.
bluetooth is bad and can't be used
this product has been broken in less than 2 months
the phone is silver not gold like i orderd but as long as it does the same features im good with it  1
this phone is fantastic...unless you are a verizon customer. i have tried everything after receiving this version as a gift to get it included on the verizon network, with no progress. it apparently is a gsm vs cdma issue, and there is no way to configure this phone to work with the verizon network. now i'm hoping that it's still returnable, otherwise i'm just out of luck and still stuck with this damn iphone i wanted to ditch.
the phone is not as impressive as advertised.  the camera picture quality is very low when using the zoom function. it tremendously blurs the images. the phone slows down a lot as soon as i installed a couple of apps on it.
wouldn't charge, comparability issues.
screen quality is great. battery life is nearly impossible to kill in a 8 hour shift with heavy use. curved screen is unnecessary and sometimes while holding the phone to watch a video you may mess with the screen accidentally on the edges. speaker is in a terrible spot speaking of holding the phone sideways to watch videos your finger will cover the speaker. dropped it once and the corner shattered, really disappointing. i think the one thing that has really bothered me the most was the keyboard/word prediction. it seems to not know english very well and corrects you with odd words or is somewhat difficult to customize properly. i had to download a different keyboard that is probably equally as annoying any way. best thing is the secure folder with fingerprint or iris lock capabilities i believe, fingerprint for sure. secret web browsing mode as well. hide certain apps/images/folders you name it pretty much. don't know if i would actually recommend. maybe buy used or if you get a really good deal with a gift card or something.
please don not buy this phone from this seller because there is charging port problem in my mobile from day one as this phone is international version so i couldn't fix it in u.s so i tried fixing in india but the samsung service rep says your mobile  is not registered and it cannot be fixed. now i cannot repair this in u.s neither outside of u.s. am charging through wireless pad its very difficult to travel with this phone and am not able to use gear vr with this phone.
bought it and realized it wont work in ghana . refund was a hassle
i have not even used the phone.  it was taken out the box to install.  it was dropped on the floor during the process.  it is shattered on all corners and cracks all the way across the front and back of the phone.
the phone came used and broken!
