i have a huge following on various social media and i would really love to promote your product
an amazing phone, most notably the excellent camera and gorgeous display/screen that has made more than a couple of my iphone-having friends jealous 
bought one that's used but overall a great device.  pros: fast, comfortable, great camera, awesome battery life cons: the placement of the bixby button is awkward at times, a few bloatware apps, different usb type connector makes it a bit of a pain if you forget your charger.  essentially, if you're like me and buy a new phone once every few years and you have an s5 or older this one is definitely worth the upgrade.
i love it. it's perfect. arrived on time and its features are amazing. just as described.
it arrived in the date it was supposed to. love it, works well in us. when i go back to argentina and try it with sim, i will tell if it works well
it's definitely a great phone, but it doesn't work with my japanese sim card.
excelente
excellent cell phone
amazing phone
loving it, no issues so far.
i'm fully satisfied with this phone! the screen is just incredible and the phone itself is not too big for me. the battery is satisfying. if i use the phone the whole day in the end of the day i have to recharge, but if you don't use the phone continuously it can last for at least two days easily.
nice
very very nice quality, use it for awhile now, everything is great.... fast speed, nice screen resolution
great phone
highly recommend! prompt delivery and everything is within our expectation!
this phone is absolutely beautiful to hold and it has a sleek, 'new-car' feeling!  over all the functionality is similarly comparable across the galaxy phones (4/7edge) with exception to few obvious changes (upgrades?) to the phone.  in the quest for the slick, they opted to take away the 'home' button, which my fingers - as well as other iphone/galaxy users - have gotten subconsciously programmed to press, only to find that there are no buttons. i would need to 'swipe up' from the bottom of the screen and a virtual 'home button, 'back' function and 'multi-window' interface becomes accessible.  this phone has a samsung note8-esque interface (not to mention, the screen size difference between those two is just 0.1 inch!). so outside of the stylus, s8+ promises to be just as versatile in its use!  one other function they did away with - because of the home button change - i have to use the volume down+power button to take a screenshot.  using my thumb+middle finger to squeeze a shot may get some getting used to!  the 3500mah battery holds well through the day (i use it heavily and i only seem to be down to about 35% by dinner time) and the only thing that seems to 'overheat' the product and/or shorten the battery life is when i am using it with vr.  when i first had the samsung s4, i was able to capture image of a beautiful low-light sunset (for which i was selected winner for a photography submission) and ever since then ive been hooked!  i took a photo of another sunset! this one was taken without any special filter and yet it beautifully captures the layers of the fading colors - s8+ exceeds its low-light capabilities of it's predecessors!  in addition, there are some new photo functions (swipe left in camera). i love that as an inner (or yelp) foodies, i have my very own food filter to snap as many lunch or dinners as i pleased!  use the 'pro' function and i am wow'd with the filter package it comes with!  getting an unlocked phone will give me the freedom to choose mobile network not just in the us but internationally - which is great, as an international photographer to travel with and it sure beats carrying around multi handsets!  as an unlocked phone, this samsung s8+ has both cdma and gsm capabilities.  i went with a cdma network, and the company blocked my talk and surf function. on the bright side, cdma does seem to preserve the battery life better so its a toss up!  as the saying goes, ya either will love it or hate it, like kimchee.  take it from a diehard macgirl that switched out of the iphone to a samsung.  it was worth it and havent gone back!  
so good. i am a traditional samsung user, and i think the product of samsung phone is getting better and better. just kindly reminder, this product is international vision which means there is no warranty. but i think if you have good case and screen protector, this phone you will be using for years.
ok so far
i love this phone. although it is fragile and expensive, but it is worth the price, design and style. i would recommend this to anyone.
the phone is great. great camera and screen. to rated 5 stars the os should be closer to pure android.
got it on time with 2 day air and with perfect delivery  , currently using in mexico with no problems at all , fast phone beautiful camera  awesome screen .
very satisfied about this phone
the best
a fabulous phone. complaints that you see on line are from naysayers, the probably hate their lives too
i bought this for my friend and she loves it. since this is unlocked phone she uses this when she goes to a foreign land. text were clear and could easily be read even at a low lighting. highly recommend, even this kind of phone is a little bit pricy.
just amazing love it got it yesterday and can't stop playing with it :)
yes but it still had the google lock on it
the best!
great phone
un gran equipo ,recomendado
got my phone yesterday and i already love it. i hate it took a whole week to get to me, waz excrusiating to wait but product is good so far. i have yet to register it with my carrier.
i highly recommmend
i have used iphones for many years and i 've owned original iphone, 3gs, 4s, 5s and 6s. i used only one android phone (nexus by google) before and it was not so good product comparing to apple's at that time. android os was laggy and glitchy, this google phone using aftertaste was "cheap" comparing to apple's "polished and premium".  after iphone's x ridiculous price and humped screen was announced i have decided to give samsung a chance and purchased this device. i use this phone for 3 weeks now and i am very surprised to see how many innovations is concentrated in this phone. screen is great, camera is very good, battery is just wonderful. my last iphone 6s could hold the charge for only half a day when used intensively, but this phone battery charge never felt below 25% after full day intensive use. and bixby is  cool too. to be honest i think apple is underdog now, they are selling nearly same phones squeezing money from old ideas and their strong brand. currently i am very happy with my new samsung s8+
i love the phone, but why was an british charger unit  with a 3 prong (rectangular 3rd prong) sent instead of a standard  charger. i purchased the international unlocked phone in the us for my us use and my extensive travels to asia
beautiful phone
this is simply the best phone i have ever used. fast, good battery, the display is extremely beautiful. it looks good and feels good in my hand. i don't have any issues with the fingerprint scanner. i use it all the time without issues. actually i prefer it in the back than on the front. i use my index finger to scan and it feel more natural to me. the camera is very very very good. i do not have any negative issue about this phone. a very awesome product.
excelente! gracias
this item has a set of improvement have been incorporated as per experience of old samsung series. particularly, it is the best for me.
excellent, work in uruguay
great big screen phone.
muy bueno.
phone is up to expectations...however documents in box was in chinese despite it being shipped to an english speaking country.
yes thank u very much i love the phone
works well
love the phone. chose this over the snapdragon version because i always get comments about bootloader being locked with the us version so i went with the international and i'm loving it. samsung is great at complimenting the android os with other features. lesser bloat would make this phone phenomenal.
nice phone
very good
such a wonderful product that i may order another one
a great cellphone,  funtionality 100%
good phone
great pruduct. ir works beautifully and super fast. the delivery: days before programmed. i just love my new phone...
love it.
love the phone does everything i need it. and i don't have to worry about bloatware and i  have my phone rooted as well.
what can i say. i love this phone. i works. everything works. no glitches, responsive, beautiful screen. every phone i have owned has had error outs setting up apps that i had on the previous phone. not one error out on this one.
excellent
love this phone. thanks samsung
this was a gift to someone
simply awesome !
i had to return this device because it could not get lte with t-mobile
just what the wife wanted for her birthday.  great gift ... good price.
i am using this glaxey 8 plus in italy and i'm very happy and satisfied
excellent mobile and very good product that i acquired, so far everything perfect!!
great
this is one of your best phone by far, this phone beats out the galaxy s5. i enjoy the screen, design, and the iris scanner. the camera takes the best pictures.
best smartphone out there in the market for sure.
love this toy. works perfectly, is international unlocked, i was using in different continents and no issues.
best phone ever!!!
the best phone you can have nowadays. i have both, iphone 7 plus and samsung galaxy 8+ and this one really stands apart. design, image quality, camera, screen size, are few of the details that make it a winner.
fast and amazing battery life.
fantastic smartphone.
beautiful.best of the best. kudos to samsung
i love my phone. highly recommended.
100%
great amazon customer service and great phone love it had a problem with it amazon solved it right away now i'm very satisfied with what i have especially the s8plus screen
amazing phone.
i am very satisfied with my device.
it's samsung, no more to say. thanks!
dropped it in water, it still works with no problems!
plenty of muscle and power. this phone does everything i need it to do.
works great, phone is fast and screen is amazing. but the best thing is the amazing camera
i love to getting on youtube and i would love to have this product
i perches the phone for my son and his is thrilled excellent choice dad .. as he was telling m about all the great features of the phone !! the delivery was fast the price was right !! the fast charging for north america was not included!!
awesome phone and received it on schedule.
best phone ever
good phone. pleny of power. does a lot. my model comes from europe but does ok. it is unlocked and so far has worked on all gsm systems i have tried it on
all right product of the highest quality.
perfect
so far so great..
great phone, my wife just loves it
great phone! lover it!
so nice
love this phone. fast, great battery, awesome screen and no bloatware
i bought this phone for my high school senior, and he loves it! he's a straight "a" student (who deserved this awesome phone) and a tech geek so when i say he loves it i trust his perspective.
excelente
great phone best ive ever had
yes it new at first i thought is was fake so i did some researches on the samsung galaxy s8 plus. it  is a uk version only the american version does have  samsung galaxy s8 written in the back of it
it's awesome. i got mine two weeks ago and it's works great. i'm not lying. at first i had to ask questions to see if it works etc and it does. i have tmoble.
awesome phone with dual sim card.
excellent
awesome phone.  especially the camera!
nice
i initially had an android phone and upgraded to the apple iphone 7+. i quickly realized my mistake during the 2 week return period and swapped the iphone for the samsung s8+ with android os. now all is well!
the only thing i dislike so much id the keyboard which has no precision at all.
my wife lovve's it
good experience !!
just as described
it was a gift for my son and he loves it.
amazing phone!
wonderful phone. best camera i've seen so far and very customizable. there's just so much you can do. i never get tired of it.
i love my new s8+.  brand new i would recommend this to anyone!
excellent piece! struggling to sleep without it in my hand!
nice
just perfect
phone ended up having a defect, but amazon was great and sent me a replacement.
i love it !!!!!!
best cellphone ever
great looking phone!
the phone itself is perfectly designed, works incredibly well. the only problem is it need you to have a total amount of calling time using an american simcard before you could use the simcard from your own country. this can't be find easily from the description page for this "international version" "unlocked" phone. it will be really annoying if you don't travel to us a lot or have colleagues/friends from us.
the best
i received the phone on time it works perfectly and is exactly as described. this is the best smartphone i have ever had!
i'm loving this phone. i like the fact it has space for two sim cards.
very good and extremely fast phone. the screen size and resolution is amazing.
i upgraded from the iphone 7 plus and i must say the s8+ is light years ahead! i've had every iphone for the past 7 years and this phone blows any iphone outta the water (just have to adjust to android os) charges in 1/2 the time, battery last 2x longer with 13 hours with heavy use! screen is bigger, brighter, more vibrabt and feels alot smaller in hand despite having a bigger screen. camera takes better selfies (wider range and more detail) no more over priced apple products for me!
superb!!!! works like a violin.
hey!! i'm big on youtube, if you send me a phone i will promote it.
great product!
not complains.. best phone ever
nice phone but swallows battery life
excellent phone!
i bought mine through verison. it is $35 a month with their unlimited plan. i added a 200gb samsung brand sd card, and i put a clayco protective case on the phone. so far, the battery is great. it will last days on power saver mode, and several hours in high performance mode. it plays super smash bros melee with the dolphin emulator with relative ease. i use a blue tooth game controller for that, and it's great!
the mobile is nice, however i was expecting to receive the marple gold color.. but actually i've received the arctic gray colorl
excellent phone, works well with at&t.  this is irrelevant to the phone, but anyone that does not have a nano-sim needs to pay $5 to at&t to get a sim with the same number
the hardware is awesome, the os is awesome. but the impossible to disable bixby is simply moronware, designed by morons for morons.  why would anyone want a database to talk to them?  i wish i could make bixby shut up. i suggest that samsung terminate bixby.
as advertised. brand new. fast shipping.
everything was good! highly recommended
even after a boating accident completely submerged for about 25 minutes....  still worked as if nothing ever happened.  i happened to have the qr charger for it... and used that to charge after the incident..... but this phone is so smart... when i plugged it in about a day or two later a warning message came up saying that it detected moisture inside and to wait to charge it.  seeings how that could have been an electrical hazard... i was quite impressed!!!!
great phone. however, it does not work with verizon. this is supposed to be an international phone, but i've spent over 3 hours with very helpful verizon support people and we got some of it working but never the phone calls.  just in case, you want to use this in the usa, it will not work!
very good
hello, i would like promete this phone on my instagram page because i do make up . i would love to promote it because it has an awesome camera and great graphics
excellent product, the best cell phone!!!
hey im a big youtuber and would love to promote and review your product.i currently have s8 an would like to try the plus for my fans.
i've used cheap phones for the past several years but recently started my own business and find that i really use my phone enough for work to justify the higher expense so this review is from the perspective of someone who has been using the lower end motorola phones for a while (most recently moto g4 play). samsung has features and forces you to have apps you don't want, which i had forgotten about since the last time i had a galaxy (probably first generation). the first thing i did is remove the auto updates on all of the apps i didn't want or need in the first place. too bad i can't remove them. ring tone defaults are weird and that's the second thing to fix. you also will have to set everything up so you are able to get your mms messages since the phone comes unlocked, but i expected that. the screen is beautiful. once i have it in a case, it's much larger than i expected, which is a good and bad thing. sound quality has been good so far, but i typically talk through a bluetooth (either headset or car speakers). one thing i did not realize is that this phone does not charge with the standard micro usb. it is not as inconvenient as i first thought because the adapters are readily available and cheap, so i'm just ordering several of them. i'll also give the wireless charger a try. i do think i'll learn to love this phone in time once i get used to all of the samsung quirks again. pros: great picture, and easy to read/work on documents for work. once it's organized and personalized, the layout makes sense like any android. cons: different charger, stays lit all of the time (draining battery) to show the clock (although there might be a setting i haven't found to fix that).
great phone. just as advertised!
bought this for my father. he needs a lot of processing speed to run his company apps and this phone has worked well for him thus far. it was between this and the pixel, but he may not notice a major difference between them. it serves all of his needs well.
this is an excellent phone.  the best i ever had. it is fast.
it was a nice product ! very fast shipping as well !
hi. i would like to promote this galaxy s8 plus phone on my youtube channel, and i would like a free working sample of this phone. thanks.
very nice product......
i had not realized phones had progressed this far.  this phone is much more configurable than any i had in the past.  i was reading a review of the next new iphone, and this phone already has all the features that were mentioned.  why pay over $1000 for a phone that women carry in their back pocket and sit on? i love that the fingerprint feature can unlock the phone, and some apps that require a login.  my boss was looking at the phone, and was gaga over the camera.  he discovered the zoom feature, and loved it.  i asked t-mobile about the cost of a card, and paid $26.  was told that yes, i could move to other network providers without having to purchase a new phone every time i moved.  purchased a metal case, worrying that the quick charge feature would not work, but it does.  the battery is extraordinary.  holds 8 hours without significant decay, and with the quick charger, will go to full charge in 15 minutes or so.  i purchased the quick charger at the phone store, and found it very convenient.  just lay the phone on it, and done.
i would love to promote this device on youtube!
is it works in india network and is it international warranty for this phone
it's an excellent phone.
as spected.
good.
it was everything that it should be i received it in excellent condition and it performed up to expectations
grate
if you like the typical intuitive operation of samsung, you'll get that with the s8+. however, this has so much built-in flexibility, that it might take a while of use to tweak the setup to how you like it. (i found bixby invasive and disabled it.) while i bought a battery case for use with it, i have since replaced it with a clear, flexible case and glass screen protector to better appreciate the lighter, thinner features of the s8+ design. and the battery life is great so far (8 months)! for motorcycle road trips, an auxiliary car cord or battery pack work just fine. after having the samsung 4 (with two batteries and auxillary charger) and s6edge with a mophie battery pack, i was looking forward to the s8+. unfortunately, i started that experience with xfinity mobile. but now after switching back to verizon, it works delightfully! do not use xfinity mobile (my experience)! this review is for the same phone, switched back to verizon, and that's another horror story!!!
love this phone. happy with the purchase.
i would like to have a free sample
the most amazing phone i have ever owned, hands down. also the best phone money can buy. everything about it is amazing.  let's talk about the screen. it's taller so it fits in your hand better, and also had a higher resolution. the oled panel on this phone is amazing and samsung is known for it. the best in the market. also, the almost border less design is great. no problems at all with accidental touches or anything. works amazing.  next is the camera, best in the business really. beautiful and highly customizable. even has all kinds of filters and snapchat like add ons. 12mp is still great.  the battery is good as well. while battery tech is still paltry in any phone, the s8+ does surprisingly well with its massive screen. i get about a days worth (8 hours screen on time) with one charge. pretty decent. and let's talk about the fast charge, 2nd fastest behind oneplus only taking just under 90 minutes from 0 to 100. it's fast.  as a phone, this thing can do and okay anything. any task is doable with this phone. it has the latest snapdragon 835 processor, for the best performance and battery life. every game, video, or app works on this, easily.  experience is just amazing overall. android is getting better day by day, the hardware is amazing, the software is fluid. this is by far the best phone out there. bar none.
perfect!!!
if you bought a samsung s8+, you now have bixby, a piece of bloatware written by a group of teenagers tasked by samsung with imitating google now, alexa, cortana, and siri. the result is absolutely catastrophic and reminds of word 1.0 (if you are old enough). the software still does not recognize voice  no, its not just because of my accent  making it perfectly useless.  the catch is that this assistant  which would be called jar jar binks if it was from a galaxy far far away  is tied to a side button. as soon as the s8 was released, people came up with google play applications to remap this button or to disable the software altogether. samsung retaliated by releasing an update to prevent the hack from working. it lasted for a week until a clever developer found a countermeasure.  one million people have downloaded one of the anti-bixby programs on google play. the other samsung s8 users are probably trying to figure how to do it, i guess. well done, samsung! you have released another galaxy note 7...  so, i will now give you a way to both disable the pathetic bixby and remap the button.  1. download package disabler pro 2. search for the bixby software in "package disabler pro" and disable all except bixby home and bixby voice. they will be rendered harmless without the services except that they detect the button press and raise an event. you can disable the rest of the samsung bloatware while youre at it. 3. install the bxaction software from google play 4. the bxaction software detects the raised event from step 2 and it will be able to start another app. 5. map the button to something useful like google now (which is a piece of software that actually does what samsung advertises bixby for...)
i am very satisfied with the new s8 cellphone and the ease in using same.
everything works fine and the phone is what i expected. im inlove with the s8 plus im soo happy with my phone.
i am extremely impressed by the speed, fingerprint, audio, and phone function.  it is a very expensive phone, but it changes everything.  you will get voicemail notification instantly.  everything is so fast.  i test the download speed with 4g lte, 20, and upload speed 15.  the software is so sleek, i did not experience any difficulty when set up printing with canon application.  this is my first time for real print from a phone to my canon printer.  all my apps runs better on this platform except videos.  the phone should be wider so that the video would run bigger on the screen.  over all, it is beautiful upgrade that is very expensive.  i am happy with this decision.
over the last few years i've owned the original (gigantic) galaxy note, a motorola droid, nexus 4, lg g3, galaxy s6 edge+, gs7 and now the s8+. i had planned on getting the note 7 instead of the gs7 but i think we all know how that turned out. i came really close to buying the lg v20 but what essentially helped make my decision was wireless charging. no matter how gimmicky you think it is, once you get used to it, you'll not want to give it up, i promise. i wasn't eligible for an upgrade until after the note 8 is released, but i changed jobs and they gave me a s8+ and i jumped at it.  first off, it's not perfect--and i'll go into why i withdrew that last star in a bit. it may be trivial to you, but for me, it was enough to not give it a perfect score. next, lets discuss the first thing you notice: that infinity display. i've had several iphone die hard fans actually look at it in utter jealousy. its hard not to. compared to the iphone 7 plus with a paltry 5.5" screen and just 1920 x 1080 resolution vs full hd plus (2960 x 1440) is just one of the reasons why this phone beats the dated apple device hands down. the s8 and the s8+ are dramatically different from their predecessors with a completely new aspect ratio which makes the device taller and thinner. with a 6.2" screen you'll be amazed that they managed to cram that amazing display in a body only slightly taller than the iphone 7 plus and definitely narrower and less than a millimeter thicker. the argument that eliminating headphone jack meant giving iphone users bigger batteries and other nifty goodies is proven categorically to be just hot air since samsung managed a 3500 mah battery in the s8+ and a headphone jack. no matter how old the technology is, say what you want, but it still works better than bluetooth earbuds--at least as i write this. it won't be long before bluetooth will genuinely equal the quality of corded earbuds...but that day is not today.  the build is exceptional and very futuristic looking, easily leaving all other designs in the proverbial dust. i can't think of any other device with a screen that is as close to taking up the entire face of a phone as much as the gs8's. i keep hearing that a move to 4k displays are a foregone conclusion and not that anyone will take my word for it, but i honestly believe that is entirely unnecessary. i would much rather phones keep the current resolution and concentrate more on battery life. upping the screen resolution only puts more strain on the battery to illuminate all those extra pixels and i promise you, the screen tech is out-pacing battery ability right now. samsung, leave it alone until you can make 4k at least as good as the battery life on current models with less. the front and back are gorilla glass 5 and while it is durable and scratch resistant, it is still vulnerable to breaking, even from short drops onto very hard surfaces, so do yourself a favor and buy a good case to protect your investment. after all, its not a question of if you're going to drop it, but when. also, that glass on front and back make it a bit on the slippery side, so despite the all premium build, it isn't without some flaws built into that really nice exterior.  the s8 keeps the ip68 rating of the gs7 and while the speaker can get loud, its rather tinny and won't reproduce music to the degree the iphone 7 can. if that isn't a priority for you, then don't worry, but if its a big deal, you may consider thinking of something different. i would imagine the ip68 certification has something to do with the quality of the speaker, too. i suppose you need to make some sacrifices--though if i'm being honest, the iphone has a slightly less rating (ip67) but yet still has great speakers, so its something to consider...but remember the gs8 has a headphone jack while the iphone doesn't. trade one for the other i guess.  okay, my gripes. i have two so far. on my gs7 when i hit the home key and then swiped to unlock the phone it was almost instantaneously unlocked. for some reason, once i press the power button (now on the right side of the screen) and then swipe up to unlock the screen, it doesn't work. i have to wait almost a full second before i can actually swipe. yes, i know, first world problems...but is it entirely unreasonable to expect a newer device to be at the very least as fast doing this as the previous model? i don't think so. my other gripe may not be an issue for many of you at all, but i can assure you for me it truly is. one of the many advantages android has over ios is customizing. i like several different keyboards and while the stock samsung keyboard is okay, it is far from what i like--in fact i don't use it at all. i prefer gboard, swype and swiftkey flow. before, if i wanted to switch from one keyboard to another while i was texting, as long as the keyboard was visible on the screen, you just swiped down from the top and the option to switch keyboards was right there. for some reason they have left this option off of the s8. for the life of my i cannot figure out why. again, the ability to easily customize android has always been a huge selling point for me (and i know many of you) so now making this feature more difficult to access makes no sense and honestly, samsung, you need to fix this asap. it pissed me off enough that i totally docked a star from my review almost entirely because of this one thing. now, for those of you who rarely or never really change your keyboard, this won't be an issue whatsoever, but i can assure you for me it was an enormous pain in my backside.  going from the s6 to the s7 i noticed virtually no difference in the speed of either model. i was expecting to see a bump in performance when i got the s7 but nope. however, the same cannot be said of the s8. i have noticed a very noticeable bump in performance and battery improvement, even though the s8+ has a slightly smaller battery than the s7 (from 3600 to 3500 mah). in fact i have noticed a marked battery improvement as well. this is supposedly due to the much smaller and more efficient and faster chipset used. not sure if that's it, but it certainly was a welcome change of pace. you can squeeze a bit more juice out of your phone by changing the screen brightness and resolution without missing out on much at all. i keep mine at the setting that came stock (which is not the highest resolution out of the box, strangely enough) because i cannot tell a difference. there are also different performance settings for gaming and whatnot that can drastically reduce battery length, so keep that in mind.  i tried playing with the iris scanner and fingerprint reader. my honest belief is this: while its probably important to keep security on your device, i tend to have none. i know, i know, its not wise, but hey, sue me. the iris scanner though did seem to work pretty well and rather quick, too. i was impressed with its speed, though it does take a bit of practice to align your eyes with the forward camera before you can truly take advantage of that speed, but it doesn't take long. the placement of the fingerprint scanner was a huge debate leading up to the gs8's release. will it be an issue? that is entirely up to you. the 8+ is a tall device and if you have small or short fingers, yes it'll probably will be. wherever possible, i recommend you go into a store and hold one in your hand and see for yourself before making the purchase. it could make a world of difference for you. i didn't try using the face unlock feature at all. androids in years past had it and i just never thought it was very secure (ha, like i care). keep in mind a sufficiently close photo of you could unlock the phone, too.  i've noticed on the always on display that the selection of screens seems to be smaller than the gs7. not sure if i simply cannot find the other options or whether or not that is just true--but either way, i thought i'd mention it. the basic one that is at launch works fine for me, so no complaints there.  bixby. honestly, i cannot figure out why they made such a stink about it when they announced the device only to launch it without 95% of its ability to do what they "claimed" it would. they even devoted a button exclusively to its use, which is a waste you cannot truly re-map it. supposedly you could at its launch, but samsung reportedly forwarded a patch that would make that useless (or so i've heard). the good news is that google now does come pre-installed and works as brilliant as always. there is a different way to access it, well, slightly different anyway. before if you long pressed on the home button it'd launch, but now you just press the built-in screen home button and hold it instead. still works and since i had always thought s-voice was an embarrassment of a virtual assistant, i have very low expectations for bixby, which samsung insists will be arriving soon before the end of this year. if i'm wrong i'll be happy to admit it...but somehow i just doubt it. from what i hear though, bixby was developed by the same people who did siri for apple, so who knows, maybe it will be all samsung claims it will be. time will tell. in the meantime google now is my friend.  i love how the gs8 comes with standard 64 gb of memory and also includes the ability to add more, unlike apple. great option and i have more memory available after moving all my stuff from my old phone over than my gs7 came with, now that's nice. i have an expansion card, but i doubt i'll need it, but you never know. it's nice to have either way.  the cameras are great. where they truly shine is not only are they great front and back, but both have f1.7 aperture. so they absolutely are stellar at taking low-light photos, yes, even better than the iphone 7 (if only slightly so). i think bumping up the front camera to 8mp was a smart move. with the popularity of selfies not slowing down, it was a wise precaution. making it also auto focus like the unbelievably fast back camera was utter brilliance. it may not have image stabilization like the back, but hey, better is better. the s8 is also the first mobile device certified to play hdr content, which is fancy talk for saying your viewing will be bright & crisp and virtually without equal. now when iphone releases their next model, i would expect it to be received as just shy of blessed from on high as the greatest this or that no matter how much of its new bells and whistles first appeared on an android device...that doesn't mean apple is without ability to innovate (3d touch comes to mind) but i would expect the next version to have a great camera as usual and a few other bells & whistles. it remains to be seen if it'll have the in-screen thumbprint reader as it was also rumored the gs8 would have as well, but they weren't able to perfect it in time, hence the awkward placement of the thumbprint reader on back, or maybe the tech isn't capable at this point to pull it off, i don't know. maybe the next iphone will have it, maybe not. we'll find out one way or another soon enough. if they pull it off, good for them. i would expect then to see one on the upcoming note 8, but nothing is certain.  one more thing, the addition of the usb type c charger was awesome. as frustrating as it is to have to buy all new cords (i have like a bazillion of the micro usb charging cords all over) i find the new design to be a very welcome one. let's be honest, we've all gone to plug in one to our phones only to discover that you had it upside down, right? gosh it was frustrating. its nice to not have to worry about whether or not its upside down. they also came out with an adapter so you can still use an older micro usb which was very convenient as well. the continuation of wireless charging and fast charging is always very convenient. i love plugging in my phone after my coworker has started charging their iphone, and in less time i've topped my phone off and a few have even accused me of making it up--til i proved it. their reaction: almost always, "wow! that's amazing!" i think the next iphone will probably (finally) adapt that along with possibly wireless charging. they'd be stupid not to.  is it perfect? no. but its a good improvement over the gs7, enough so that i can happily endorse it to anyone who is looking to impress their die hard apple fanboy friends, or simply to just have a great device all the way around.  ***update***  i discovered, quite by accident, how to change keyboards--my biggest complaint about the phone--just as simple as the old method. it isn't as obvious as it was before, and to be candid, i still don't know why they changed it so much, but it is just as simple to change keyboards as it was before. for example, if you are in your messaging app and your current keyboard is displayed, at the bottom of the screen you'll see your usual options, recent, home and back on-screen buttons, but to the far right is an icon that kind of looks like a keyboard. it's not as obvious as i think it should be, but by touching that icon you'll get a drop-down menu to change your keyboard. again, its quick, simple if not obvious. it works and works well, i just wish samsung had made that feature a bit more easier to figure out. with that feature now available, i bump my rating to a full 4.5 stars. my apologies for not noticing it earlier.
meet all expectation
everything works properly so far! i literally just got it in my hands about and hour ago. the only reason why i got this version was because, "international versions" run samsung's homemade chipset the "exynos 8895, which is definitely better than qualcoms "snapdragon 835" chipset. another reason why this lead me into getting this version, is because i work at best buy mobile and i seem to see a fare amount customers come in with problems with their s8's which are the us versions.
ok
bought my s8+ direct from samsung. it's the best phone i've ever owned.
this is awsome phone and by the way samsung all phones are good
excellent phone build, screen and performance. does not support hd voice on t-mobile usa.
excellent  product 100% recommended
excellent!!
great
could be better.
in love! love everything about this phone. works well in turks and caicos.
it works great with t-mobile and at&t and cricket, battery can last me whole day or up to 7 or 8 pm.
awsome
useful
everything ok
love the blue color a lot!
i'm very happy with the phone. it is the maximum
its amazing this phone
fantastic phone. what i've come to expect from samsung.  screen size with more to view and with an s-view  case it is the best so far.
excellent product and great services
i liked it but some apps are came with korean version, i hope the device also fro korean but seems to samsung pay is not working. apart from that delivery and other things are good.
having one of the best time with this phone. camera is really really amazing. specially the pro mode can outdo iphones camera in a cake walk. i am really proud of choosing this phone over iphone 7+. it is a really safe bet.
am loving it
good till now
since i purchased this phone and receive it has perform perfectly and perform as expected i love it
excelent
if you like samsung just buy it! don't even think about it. i wasn't sure about buying this mobile phone, but now after 3 weeks having it in my hands its just the best cellphone ever!
fabuloso!!!! graciaaaas!!!
so in love with my phone.
very nice toy and functional
i love samsung galaxy s8+ .
just fantastic. this phone out performs the competition on every level. i've heard a lot of complaints about where the finger print scanner is, but these reviwers must not have actually held this device. once you hold it in your hand your index finger goes exactly where the finger print scanner is! so just use your index instead of thumb, it is incredibly natural and i actually find it faster to use than my previous s6 with its scanner in the front.  the phone is faster than fast and handles everything with ease. most impressive is its long battery life, my previous phones used to die halfway thro the day, this thing still has 30-40% juice left at the end if a very long day.  screen is great, the software is optimized. i love every aspect of this. a real professional's work. you will be more productive with this tool.
works great. came sealed.
fantastic!!!
very good
best and fastest cellphone as of now. i love it, big screen powerful yet compact and lightweight.
very good smartphone
i have this galaxy s8+ working under the cricket carrier.  the fingerprint scanner on the back is a non-issue.  it took me no time to become accustomed to it.  using it is even easier after putting a case on the phone.  the s8+ is noticeably better than the s7 and can handle anything you throw at it.  it is a beast at multi-tasking.  if only apps were as well designed as this phone, it's annoying when they crash or freeze because of imperfections in their coding.  if you have problems with apps glitching or crashing, it's the app, not this powerful phone that can stand toe-to-toe with desktop computers.  update july 4, 2017:  i no longer have this phone, it went defective on me.  exactly a month after buying it, the screen blacked out while i was laying on the couch watching a twitter video. everything was responsive, the screen just wouldn't light up. i ended up returning it just in time. now i have the galaxy s7 again. if you get this expensive phone, you should get some type of insurance on it.  this expensive phone taught me that no phone is safe from defects. this one comes with a one-year warranty, but i don't know how thorough it is. when you get the phone, you have a certain amount of time to sign up with samsung premium care. i think amazon has an insurance package too so you should compare both of them before choosing either of them.  now that i'm back on the galaxy s7, i'm reminded of how this phone is a still a beast too.
its from tim carrier but works perfectly in peru!
overall the galaxy s8 is an excellent smartphone that competes and often one ups other current flagship phones (google pixel, iphone).  ultimately a few odd design decisions keep this from achieving a full 5 star review from me.  pros -the best looking screen on any mass market phone ever produced -excellent camera performance -lighter version of touchwiz (samsung os) including the ability to disable and uninstall bloatware -not too big to hold (a bit long though) -solid battery performance  cons -odd positioning of a dedicated button for "bixby" samsung's assistant software.  this button is far too close to the volume down button and i hit it constantly by accident.  worse yet, it can't be disabled without downloading a third party app.  even worse, bixby itself is not anywhere near as useful as google assistant.  samsung...please stop messing with software.  leave google alone, this is their core business competency and your incessant layering on of useless features (now coming with a dedicated button) is obscene.  this design flaw will ultimately drive me to a google pixel upon their next release (most likely fall 2017). -odd positioning of the fingerprint sensor.  way too far up on the phone which makes it hard to reach, right next to the camera lens.  bad design. -fragile glass.  i dropped it from between knee and waist height one time and the glass cracked.  if you buy, you must invest in a screen protector.  ultimately if you can deal with the annoyances listed above you should have no reservations buying this phone.  the screen itself is worth the investment.  every time i show someone a photo on my camera they comment on how good it looks.  here's to hoping samsung scratches the bixby button, embeds the finger print reader in the screen, and offers a pure android version.  that to me would be the perfect phone.
no comments just enjoy and take full advantage of this premium smart phone.
great phone!!! works well
i am completely happy with my purchase and recommend this amazon supplier!  i would purchase from this company again!  thanks so much!  mike
...do not get this phone until samsung fixes the restart problem...on my 2nd s8+ which has the same restart problem as the first one.  i am locked out of my phone now. ill go back to sprint see what they want to do next.  samsung cannot afford to have this kind of problem after the note 7 mess. still no word from samsung about this problem. there are hundreds of people with this problem. i spend 4+ hours in there developer blog stuff and no one has a fix for this. it restarts with sd card in or out, have done hard boot. took out all apps i could. nothing works. been to samsung's web site tried almost everything there nothing works. about every 30 minutes phone will restart...update phone problem seems to have gone away. it took a lot of hours to do. not sure what was cause but not as card. sprint store in chubbuck, idaho did everything and some but phone works great now..low this phone but i will be getting note 8 when it comes out. this thinner phone which has 18 by 9 screen size fits your hand great. not thrilled with the finger print placement but i don't use it. beautiful screen, fast charge 47 minutes from 4% to 99%. extremely fast prossesor.  games work perfect. not real happy with the 1 speaker at bottom of phone, but it is loud enough. need speakers like motorola x series. stereo front facing. overall now happy with my phone. will update next month. 6/21/17..will give 4.5 stars because usb c on this phone does not work with usb c headphones.
received this phone yesterday (as a gift same model number 955f) and have been using it with simple mobile and t mobile networks here in the united states. put my sim card in and got good connections with lte, no problems.
excellent phone i place my t mobile sim and it run with no problems, the phone came seal never opened. excellent
excelenete
absolutely satisfied with this beautiful device
recommended
great phone. just try to keep all the garbage off it. ain't happening. samsung proprietary.
pretty good, but it doesn't support samsung pay.
work great.
i have bought this 3 months ago and it has been working good.
it is just as good as they say
i received my phone extremely fast and i have been using it for about three weeks and no problems functionally. my only gripe is that i thought the international versions we're supposed to have 6gb of ram. i might be confusing it with the 128 gb version of the phone however.  i have t mobile here in the states and it works brilliantly. just plug in the sim card and go. i also appreciate that it comes with dual sim capabilities if the need presented itself.  another bonus with buying an unlocked phone if you don't get any of that bloatware from the carrier.  all in all you cannot beat this phone for the price!  ps: i forgot to mention the charger is european, but it does come with an adapter for us outlets.
awesome phone. i only had to put in my network setting and it was good to go.
i cant really say i dislike anything about it i like thag yoh get the fast charging with the intetnational charger for free makes charging super fast. if j have to say one dislike its the screen protectors at the top of the phone it doesnt glue on so well and then you have lint and other dust under your screen protector
really happy
excelente producto. vale cada centavo.
great
amazing phone with a very beautiful screen and camera totally recomended
item was perfect, except battery life wasnt as good as i expected. not too sure if it is due to the cold spells in nyc
very happy! received it today i was so worried that my sim (cricket) wouldnt work because this is international version. surprise it works perfectly so i will confirm for you all stressing cricket sims work and this phone is amazing!!! dont buy refurbished and dont pay more for us unlocked versions this international works just fine in the us.
brilliant phone...
size of the screen and many features.  nothing
good
i brought the phone for my husband, its worth the money.
amazing, a real upgrade from the galaxy 7.
totally awesome
awesome phone.  one of my biggest purchasing criteria is camera performance, and the s8+ doesn't disappoint.  wireless charging and many other great features make this a keeper.  it also got the 16 year old's positive vote, so it must be good...
i bought it for my mom. i have one in a different color but i really want it!
i got my samsung galaxy s8+....( now get yours )
good
best phone i have ever had. owned many different android mobiles but this is still my favourite.
item just as discribed, easy to navigate. new in its original sealed package with charger and earphones. fast delivery.
the product was only one day late due to delivery times by the post office, but after receiving the phone and discovering all of it's capabilities, what came along with the package, along with other features was worth that one day waiting period. thanks wireless|place for a nice product.
good product and excellent service.
most of the time when i upgrade a phone it really doesn't seem like it was worth the upgrade. this time i went from the s7 to the s8+ and wow this phone is really a step above. at first i didn't think i would like the fingerprint scanner but after using it a few days i really like the location. easy to use one hand to unlock and resize screen if needed. only negative thing i have to say right now is bixby! it is annoying.
i recently offered my galaxy s8 plus to a loved one for a bargain price, intending to buy a pixel 2 or pixel 2 xl. a day later, i sheepishly reneged on my offer. reason: neither the pixel 2 nor the note 8 nor any other android contender could best this bad boy. speed, size, display, camera, overall experience  no other phone can touch the s8 plus with the possible exception of iphone x, and, as an owner of both who loves his iphone x, i cant see any reason for an android user to switch platforms. my biz phone is iphone, home phone is s8 plus, and the 0nly tiebreaker is my apple watch 3 lte. that is unrivaled, but if youre wed to android, the samsung gear 3 is pretty darned good. as regards phone design, apple has caught up to samsung with the x, but not convincingly passed it. i love both phones and couodnt part with my s8 plus even though i had promised it to a loved one and always (except when pardoned by a generous loved one) honor said promises!
i was initially a little hesitant to purchase my new s8+ from amazon, but i was pleasantly surprised at how smooth everything went. i received my device literally within 2-3 days of placing my order. for those confused about the difference between the international version and the us unlocked version i would like to offer some clarity. the main differences between the two are that on the international verison you may or may not be able to use samsung pay depending on your devices country of origin. you will not be able to utilize your carriers specific features like hd voice, wifi calling etc. the international verison features samsungs exynos processor versus snapdragon. i use at&t and my device works absolutely fine. the device i received had the model number sm-g955f which is the spain version. as far as the actual performance of the device itself i am blown away, infinity display, blazing fast, excellent battery life i mean this is hands down the best smartphone money can buy.
great phone
i love this product.
ordered this as a used item. everything about it was new. packaging, condition, etc.  even though the phone was not designated with any carrier, it worked with straight talk and their at and t sims card. impressed with features, speed and screen
received on time in excellent packing conditions.  finally, i purchased a phone from amazon that said it was "new" and it is!  this is the 3rd one that i had to buy to have that happen.  the other 2 sellers listed their phones as new and when they arrived the seal was broken or totally taken off all together.  the first guy actually put a new sticker that said "do not accept if seal is broken" over top of the original "broken" sticker.  the second guy just removed the sticker altogether so there wasn't a sticker at all.  i've bought a slew of samsung phones over the years and i knew what to expect, but if you didn't know, you would probably wouldn't realize the difference.  but, having said that, this phone came brand new with the unbroken sticker. it is working perfectly (albeit is only 1 day old now).  the color is quite pretty and i think both men & women will like it.
nice cell, i expected the camera to be even better, but it satisfies me.
i use this phone since it's in the market - it run speed and smooth - good camera - awesome screen  - a lot of choices to unlock the screen  the only one down sides is - place of the finger print
the item was just as i expected and in the scheduled time. it worked correctly in argentina.  i would definitely buy it again to the same seller
i purchased this phone few days ago. delivery was quick.  phone is really nice, unlocked and everything works great. but one thing is here no european charger. so i'm not able to charge my phone. and i need to buy charger for it saperately.  which is no good. is only way to charge this phone is using a laptop.
