it's a great phone and i'm very happy! (:
good product, new and all acessories included
perfect
como esperado o aparelho  fantstico
i did get a brand new s8 contrary to some reviews. great phone...but small but im used to a s6edge plus
the family feud resolved, and mom won the battle :) after my nerdy teenager had apple phones for about 6 years, his birthday wish was the samsung galaxy s8 because it's just lovely and he has more options about designing the interface the way he likes it. no regrets, he loves it.
duel sim phone. works well on t-mobile and i use the other sim slot for a local sim when i travel internationally.
great phone
only bad thing is that some stuff i can't change from italian...otherwise love the 8
imei number is original. phone received in brand new condition and works internationally.
cool phone
excellent
good
package came in a timely manner and was brand new in box.  i have no complaints.  very pleased!
excelente
perfect!
bought for my sixteen year old son for christmas he loves can't get him off of it it meets all his needs.  the size of the phone is ideal and it runs beautifully
it's ok, problems with the touchscreen when you put the tempered glass cover....
inteterested in promoting this product and any samsung accessories.
works great!
excelente!!!
it work good
excellent. cannot take my hands off it
my very first samsung  and i love it! so much more control over apps compared to iphone. took me 10 minutes to readjust.
its everkthing ok
device its amazing! everything is workin properly except i can make work samsung pay with it since its an unlocked version, besides that everything its amazing which i'll give it 10.
gifted to my sister who needed an update from the samsung s4. yep we both love it. camera quality is phenomenal.
very sleek design and a good android phone!
excellent. have not yet commissioned.
this phone is amazing! 1st of all because it was unlocked and i already have metro pcs. i took it to them and they were easily able to get it set up. one tip is that this come with a european plug, but all you have to do is go to the website and send an email explaining that you need an american attatchment and they will ship you one for free, i recieved two! this is what i sent them, "hello, i recently bought an international version of your unlocked samsung galaxy s8. it said to contact you if i was in need of a charger that fits american plugs. how do i go about getting one of these and how much are they from you?" this is what they replied with, "we will ship you usa plug for it free of charge." all i did was click on seller information and put it in an "ask a question." as for the phone it is very smart and connects well with other devices, such as a smart tv especially a samsung smart tv. bixby is the "siri" for this device and works great. it adjusts to your needs and even tells you people who you frequently contact at a certain time. this phone is easily customizable and the more you explore with it the more you will find. battery life and speed of charging is also phenomenal.
this is the best phone you can get right now, really comfy to use and great aesthetics.
it totally worth it!
no issues, and great phone
great phone!
i have the phone for more than a month now, it's a beautiful phone, the display looks great, i can copy my photos and music and whatever i want freely to the computer and back unlike on an iphone. the fingerprint sensor is on the back - not as comfy as the front facing old iphone sensor but it's usable. it's not a one-hand phone it's a bit bigger than that and i have big hands. i love the pairing with the s3 gear and the samsung health app. it has face unlock and fingerprint reader and passcode. i miss the dedicated silent button from the iphone this needs to be unlocked before i can silence it but there is a completely unnecessary bixby button. there should be a silence button instead of that. the camera the iphone camera is markedly better i'm sorry to say that but looking at the photos i took and i take now i can see it. overall i think this is the best android phone you can get i might also get an iphone but not the x that is hideous with the notch the protruding camera and the glass back - maybe a 7 or 8. hope they'll come out with something better and i also hope samsung listens to users. we don't want the bixby. we want to be able to remap and reconfigure anything this coudl be your true ace vs iphone that will never allow it.
great phone and an excelllent upgrade from the s6 i had before.  i unfortunately cracked the screen the day i bought it from an 8" drop.  i purchased a case and screen protector rhe same day.  i can't complain it's the nicest phone i've ever personally owned.  i just am waiting for some innovated person to design a case & glass protector that does not interfere with the functionality of the phone and conforms to the curved glass.  i did need to mention that the seller refused to even acknowledge my desire to return thebunopened item when i recieved it.  i am happy i still own the telephone so all is good.
i love it..! its awesome
just the best phone so far! practical and hq!
it is a wonderful phone, the camera is excellent. it is very high definition. it is just a very fragile phone for me. i have little kids that sometimes take my phone, and there is no case with a bumper to protect the edge screen from braking if the prone fells.
great phone original and truly work worldwide even in my country (honduras)
right on delivery amazing spec.. amazing phone
everything was ok. very trustable.
he samsung galaxy s8 is one of the best phones i've ever had i can do so much more with it than with other phones. i like it because the battery last me all day when i use it normally. i have more storage the graphics are better i love the quality of this phone. the best part about it is that it's water resistant which means i can drop it in water without worrying but thing is i can't leave it in too long cuz other wise water will get in it. as i said tho it's a great phone in my opinion
so satisfied! quick shipment and good communication from seller. thanks :)
excelente
fast. stable.  recommended by microsoft.  i am unable to disable bixby, i do not like bixby.  i will give apple another chance after this one.
i need to send back my phone the screen got broken how can i send it back
great product
this is a gift and the product is beautiful.
great
cool
the phone is in perfect conditions!
too quiet sound from main speaker.
love it! the s line is always a good choice!
excellent product at a great price.
really nice phone,i really love it.
awesome!!!! delivered as new...lightning quick. happy with the purchase.
original samsung, great phone.
great
awesome phone, no issue and satisfied
although dubbed as "international version", it still came with a sd processor (i.e. sm-g950u1). fast and fluid web browsing and app switching experience. bixby isn't too bad either, once you learn _how_ to talk to her.
awesome phone
very nice phone for the great price.
great phone very nice, i like it thank you amazon yes i will recommand this site to my friends and family thanks again.
got 175k on antutu.
great phone.
beautiful phone with great functionalities and it is an incredible advancement from my old samsung galaxy avant which is a great working phone, but it's been getting buggy in the last six months. i got mine through fed ex this morning so i will update my post in a few weeks but so far, i could not be happier. i got my phone from a different vendor out of australia but shipped directly to me from hong kong, but i suspect it will be the same phone no matter when you buy it.  my service provider is metro pcs, which i am very happy to find out that i can keep and i took my phone to my local metro pcs store and they got my phone working in less than 15 minutes. they explained the functions of the sim slot #1 and #2 and how to insert a micro card. i had metro add the international calling plan to my phone for texting and calls from the u.s. i will use the sim slot #2 for when i travel to france. having a backup will help out.  the style and glass front of the phone is very nice and it does not leave fingerprints. my old phone is the samsung galaxy avant and i find that having my new phone is not difficult to re-learn. some of the basic functions are the same.  after getting home, i entered my passcode for my home wi-fi and the phone took it immediately and updated itself promptly. i also got the bluetooth function connected to my fiat sport 500c in less than five minutes. the batter powers up in no time to full and this morning, out of the box, my phone was at about 50% power. it took about 30 minutes to get it to 100%. so far, the battery tends to drain slowly.  i read from another post of this phone that it did not have wi-fi. not sure what happened, but this phone certainly does have it.  the cord has a different end that plugs into the phone, so my old usb cords won't work however, the s8 box includes some attachments. one attachment is a small add-on that will fit on the small end of the usb cord so you can keep your old cords. the box also adds a connector so you can transfer files from one phone to another, or a computer to your phone and finally a 100-240 charging plug is included in the box, but it is not for european sockets nor american sockets. the two male connectors are slightly slanted so i suspect this is for asia.  i am not going to clone my galaxy avant software to my new phone because i want to begin fresh again. i will pick and choose each app but my avant still works at home with my wi-fi and magic jack phone.  there is only one slight disappointment; i expected the phone to be more of a gold tone color. the back of the phone is not really gold, but a slight gold tone with an odd color that seems to change color depending on the light available. also, the front glass is gold tone once you pull up the apps, sms, dialer, etc.  i find this phone to be very advanced and a very good buy for the money i paid. it's basically a mini-computer and i use it for everything from driving, texting, phone, pictures, banking, buying, etc.  this phone is definitely an incredible upgrade from my avant and i am very pleased. i will update my post in a few weeks to a month.
good quality
best phone! bought it for my wife and she loves it.  the curved edges makes it look and feel to feminine for my taste. just a personal preference. change this and maybe ill buy one for me.
very nice phone. i had it for two weeks now and works great , i live in honduras c.a ,super fast , love this color,
very good experience
amazing phone !!
finnest phone i've seen. this company may not bring creative out of the box stuff (sj way), but they put all that exists together in the best possible way, expect nothing new, but all at best!
the screen on this phone is something to be desired by all. it has a beautiful screen that can display the phenomenal pictures this phone takes. it is a fast and reliable product. i highly recommend this phone!
exactly what i wanted!!
excellent!
i never wanted to buy a phone online, for fear of a fake phone but i closed my eyes and ordered it...this s8 is great thanx for not skrewing me over..haha 5star
it looks good and i got what  i expected to get. also i got it in certain time. thanks
very good no issues!
everything was perfect with the product!
works in bulgaria as intended.
excellent
i love it. its a super phone6
the best phone of 2017!!!!!!!!
everything was delivered as promised in excellent condition.
love this phone. fast delivery. good camera. easy to use
for clarification i have the u.s model of this phone with the snapdragon processor.  i'm going to keep this review short and sweet because frankly i could talk about this phone all day. i've had this phone for a few months now and am now ready to review it, i'll break down this review into build quality, screen quality, weight, audio quality/call quality, processor speed, camera quality, battery life and ease of navigating the software.  - build quality is outstanding, the phone looks and feels as good as it gets.the phone is a little slippery though so i do recommend a case for it, more on that later.  -screen quality- this is by far the best display i have ever seen on a phone, samsungs amoled display technology is at the top of its game. colors pop,contrast is incredible and the blacks are truly black and because of the curved screen the content you view on it whether its photos or videos has an almost 3d effect to it. samsung also offers display adjustments in phone options if you want more neutral colors instead of the saturated colors amoled is known for, either way this display is top notch!  weight- suprisingly light weight for how sturdy it feels. the s8 feels good in pocket and won't have you wishing you had a lighter phone anytime soon.  audio quality/ call quality - audio with this phone is above average but not the best, music, movies, games all sound good whether you're using head phones or the phone speaker, the phone speaker does distort at high volumes though, but you'll most likely be using headphones anyway. the included earbuds that come with the phone were very good (at least before they shorted out) so heads up on that, also i'd recommend a eq app like power amp if you want to fine tune your sound. call quality on the other had is hands down phenomenal, i've made a lot of calls with this phone and have constantly been blown away with how crisp and clear the calls are.  processor speed- calling this phone fast is an understatement, i've tried my best at times to get this phone to slow down and just can't do it. everything is snappy and instantaneous whether youre opening an app or loading a web page. this phone doesn't break a sweat!  camera quality - the camera on this phone is fantastic, the photos are amazing, with one downside low light photos fo have more noise than i'd like in them. i'll attach some example's to this review so you can see for yourself. this phone won't replace a high end dedicated camera, but you could do a lot worse.  battery life - i have to give credit to both samsung and android for this one. the battery life on this phone is outstanding, i can get two and a half days out of this phone easy. i'm pretty easy going on my phone though, i wouldn't call myself a power user by any means, but i didn't put this phone through its paces a couple times and and came out impressed, even with heavy usage and screen brightness turned all the way up this phone made it through a day and a half of nothing but videos, web surfing, and music playing with battery to spare. if you need even more run time, you can put the phone into varying degrees of battery saving modes that can squeeze out even more run time ( the emergency mode can give you months of battery time, granted you can't do much else besides make calls but it could be a life saver).  ease of navigating software - short answer is its cake. the long answer is its intuitive and ridiculously easy to move around in menus and find what you are looking for. samsung has really out done themselves here and it shows. honestly i can't think of a single negative about the software, it's done so well.  now, for the drawback i mentioned earlier in the review. finding a case with a screen protector for this phone that actually works, and doesn't impede the use of the screen is kinda impossible because of the curved screen, even otter box doesn't have on that works. you can always buy one of the wallet type cases to cover the screen, it'll help avoiding damage. of course if a screen protector isnt a big deal for you then you're golden. the phone does have the latest and greatest gorilla glass 5 on it so scratches really aren't an issue i've noticed zero on my phone. the wallet case i have on my phone has held up well and protected my phone from a couple of drops i'll be reviewing that shortly. i don't count this against the phone because this isn't really big deal to me but it might be to you, at the end of the day this phone is incredible and if your in the market for a phone the s8 should be at the top of your list.
brand new product, it arrived on time. thank you.
everything was ok, the product covered my expectations and the seller as well. excelent!
excellent
great phone it is everything that i expected
excellent
great
this phone than i imagined easy to use, i should buy earlier
working good so far
all perfect
more than impressive innovations in this galaxy s iteration and definitely awesome upgrade from my s4. and i got it promptly from the seller - thanks!  can't wait for the s12 for me to change this new phone of mine - unless it gets nicked or destroyed :)
lovely so far
good
small gap on the front bit of the screen placement.
very good
best phone i have had in years.
i just received my phone today! it looks and works great. hope is gonna be like that. thank you!
i have this phone 2 days now and love the new experience it feel good look good and it work with my carribean sim card that make me happy
great phone
best cellphone ever! came well packed, and the cellphone is amazing!
excellent phone. love it. i made a great choice. highly recommended. love the color too.
amazing phone. can't ask for more.  good job by samsung.  excellent build quality.
awsome phone
good product, still geting to know it.
i am so happy with this phone. i am happy to be back with android after going iphone for a year. this phone is beautiful. i love the face it has no button on the front. i really enjoy the samsung fitness features like step tracking and heartbeat checking. it inspired me to get more in-depth with health tracking! the placement of the finger scanner is awkward, but i can live with it.
i find it a little harder to get used to but i'm figuring it out, i can't get the infinite screan like they show on tv but what do you do.and it is not letting me add pictures to the contacts like i could with my s5 so i will deal with it, too late to get my money back.
great case and as its rubber its kind grippy too so easier to hold onto the phone.
absolutely awesome experience
excelent
very delighted with the phone, it works all the design the screen are very pretty
good choice
definitely, the best samsung phone
great phone!. excellent puctures! be aware that this is the g-950u1 unlocked version rather than g-950f that some carriers are offering in la. i checked frequency bands and it is compatible with frequencies used in peru
very good cell phone, it is better than iphone that i had used
it is awesome i found no problem with it
nice product 
beautiful screen, i bought this phone to use in ecuador and it works.
great phone, beautiful design and superb camera. the problem is the version i bought. this "international version" that i bought is actually for the united arab emirates. it comes with weird preinstalled soft for the contry and a huge and uncomfortable charger with legs incompatible with most of the planet. that's the reason i'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5.
very nice and good phone.
the best phone money can buy in 2017. more like, you are buying a digital camera that also lets you speak on phone and chat on messengers.
i couldn't be happier with the purchase of this phone!! so far, i'm not seeing any drawbacks.  update 3/7/2018:  so i have had this case for a while and i'm downgrading the stars because i have noticed that this case falls off the phone too easily when dropped from just about any distance. for being specially made for the samsung galaxy s8, i would have expected better performance. at this point, i'm just waiting for my new phone case to be delivered so i can put this one away to collect some dust before i get tired of looking at it and throw it away.
love the phone issues nothing major tho
love it.....bought it for the wife...want one too!!
so far this phone just amazing thank you
made a great gift for special son!!
great!!!
great phone
i love it
beautiful, excellent phone
nice phone but i stll love my old  samsung galaxy s7 edge. i still think it's better.
great cellphone, i'm so happy
better than expected
don't listen to the other people reviews that say this phone is fake. this phone only works with gsm carriers if you live in the u.s. your gsm carriers would be at&t and t-mobile that means this phone will not work with verizon or sprint this phone is 100% real. you might have to get a different charging block just contact samsung.
love it but only used it for about a month and moved back to my iphone 7 plus.
the trusted functionality of the galaxy line just got better.
very very very... good amazing
it's good but not quite localized (minus 1 star). samsung pay application is in chinese.
camera is just amazing. great phone
very good phone and i am satisfied with the phone!
great phone. great quality. everything is amazing.
graduating this year hopefully someone will gibe me one of these as a gift i been stuck with the same old lg for 3 years now.if any one has a spare phone pls replay to my review
i like this size,in addition it reaally nice !!!i bought a very cute case for it
just perfect, the package comes impeccable and the cellphone work perfectly
it came with double sim tray, a very good plus, i bought it for the color and it was a good thing it had 2 sims. other than that the phone is.... a s8. you know where your $650 usd are.
nice product. excellent brand, nice flagship samsung.
excelente
good in colombia
amazing
great phone with great sound and picture quality. still learning all the features. videos available for tutorial assistance. great price reduction from a few months back. get a protective case!
the best phone for 2017 and amazon is great about the price.
epic connectivity.  i am currently writing this review using a bluetooth keyboard, and old fashioned wired usb mouse (connected with the samsung includes usbc to usb connector), wired headphones, and smart link connection to a smartbeam laser projector.  so basically what i'm saying is that samsung has achieved the desktop experience through a smartphone.  and all of this was set up in under 5 minutes on a sunday morning.  only criticizm i have, which has frustrated me for years with samsung, is that the phone form factor is still too big.  yes, i knew this when i ordered it, but there's no other way to get all these features with a smaller screen.  maybe one day samsung will make an iphone se slayer in the s9 mini?
came fully unlocked. works in guyana, south america, all i had to do was put my sim cards in. features are great, packaging was very secure.
amazing phone!
justo note some things will come in italian... be ready to change them to english and you should be all set. great phone!
love this phone! awesome display it'll shipped promptly.
love it
i have not seen a smart phone camera yet that compares to the s8 main camera. it is without a doubt the best camera in a smart phone i've ever seen to date. the pics it can take are amazing and just as good as my $5000 camera i use for professional photography. it blows away apple in my opinion, yes apple has some decent phones but iso is not quite a computer if you ask me they can't be plugged into any pc without having to download itunes which comes with malware that you don't know your installing on your pc and can damage some pc's. it also installs some other apps you don't know your getting that can cause serious issues with system settings in the pc if its not an apple. any android can be plugged into any pc without a problem with no software to clog up your pc. the processor is killer,4 gig of ram! and i was sold on the camera immediately.  being in a dark room or outside at night the pictures are crystal clear and can be adjusted with the pro setting it can take some time to figure out if you are not a photographer but still very user friendly.the battery is ok but if you don't have a app killer constantly killing background apps it will drain your battery pretty quick. but this can be controlled, power battery is my most recommended app killer that keeps apps closed and keeps tabs on the battery. it really does not need any cleaner apps since one is built in. i can't wait for the s9 to come out they are both going to be around the same price? the s8 and s9 at least for a while. i give the s8 5 stars!!!
i like it
this phone works amazing and it looks well, this is definitely not a clone. original quality with great features.
love it, it is working great.
i really like this phone. i was puzzled for a while on what kind to get and i am really happy with my choice. not to mention how much cheaper it was through this seller rather than at&t or samsung.
in perfect condition
in my opinion as a professional photographer, the camera of this cell behaves incredibly in low light especially. i recommend it !!!
i bought my s8 phone somewhere else, but the #1 issue with this phone is that it is the most fragile phone in existence. a 1 foot drop can shatter the screen or back glass. they might have fixed the glass in later models but if they didn't it is fixable! go to ebay and search for galaxy s8  screen replacement. make sure it is not just a glass screen protector. it should come with a set of tools to replace your screen and/ or back. basically you'll heat the front or back glass and cut away at the adhesive all around the edges and use a pieces of plastic cards to wedge in the sides as you cut all around it to prevent the screen from sticking back to the phone. the kit comes with new glue. search youtube for how to videos. you will have to unscrew the back and disconnect several connectors. if you do not think you can do it cell phone repair shops can fix this phone for you. the kit is only $25 on ebay,  i don't know what shops charge. you can rest easy now, don't be afraid of literally bricking your phone
wow great
still trying to figure everything out, but it is beautiful, i love it.
excelent line all sumsung product
great phone
great phone! thin, light, awesome android implementation.
ok
the samsung galaxy s8 is the simply the best phone you can buy in 2017. i have long been an apple fan but when galaxy s8 was released, that quickly changed. now i have my hands on, i can simply say this is almost perfect. why did i say almost? that is because while this design is the future, this phone has it's flaws widely mentioned in many review videos. the biggest being the fingerprint scanner location but that can be neglected as time passes and you get used with the phone.
for those of you that are consider buying this phone, let me mention some common variation of this phone: sm-g955f: international version, samsung exynos processor (supposedly use less battery, last longer) , for gsm carriers sm-g955fd: international version, duel sim card, samsung exynos processor (supposedly use less battery, last longer) , for gsm carriers sm-g955u: us version, snap dragon processor (supposedly better graphic support for gaming), i see people said the unlocked version support both gsm and cdma carriers, but i do not have this version and have not verify this myself.  above are for s8+, s* is similar, part number replaced 955 with 950, with smaller screen and battery power.  i used sm-g955fd:for about a month now, this is the most expensive phone i purchased.  below is my list of pro and con. pro: decent camera, good with low light environment. great battery life, 3500 amh, last longer then any other phone i had in the past. support wireless charging, water-proof. less overheating.  it gets warm when playing games while charging but never gets to point where it is too hot to hold. con: unusual screen ratio.  most game app do 16:9 screen ratio, this phone is thinner so when playing games, there are black boarder on both side and make it look smaller compare to other phone with same screen size in the market.  this also make it more difficult to type, i often press wrong key by accident due to spacing.  overall, i think this is a good phone.  best buy is offering a lot of promotion on this phone right now so you might wish to shop around before choosing where to buy it.
thank you!
i am really happy with the s8! i had an amazon fire phone that i really liked for its simplicity and dependability. however, it was time i moved up to more features. this is a great phone with programming and features that should keep me occupied for quite a while.  it actually has programs i can use. it's simple to operate, good battery time. fast and reliable.
it is beautiful everything is working as expected.
this was a gift and the party is very happy with it. thank you so much.
great phone, perfect comfort, very fast everything is ok. battery longs a completely day, fast charging is great. the camera it's perfect it has a lot of settings. fingerprint sensor it's not a the perfect place but it is adaptable. great phone really nice experience.
really good! exceeded expectations!!
excellent
so far so good, i have always been a dedicated samsung galaxy user for years, and i was afraid the invisible menu buttons would give me a hard time to adapt. but after trying it i find it extremely easy to use and i absolutely in love with bixby
great
amazing
great service.  enjoying my first smartphone!!
an amazing beast! working perfectly !
everything ok with the phone, it looks brand new and works fine in usa and chile
everythig ok
i like because it is simple, i don't like when i have to write, pictures, videos specially what up, the i phone is more complicated but better on that issue.
aaaaawsooome! bomboclaaat ting up dada
it is amazing phone
very good product thanks.
love international version. love this phone. it's like endless possibilities with this one.
i thought i requested a dual sum version but it turns out mine is not. was a bit disappoint but the device itself is breath takingly beautiful. nothing wrong so far whatsoever
work without any problem in my country -  ecuador.
it took awhile to get the phone set up for english. mine came as a german model. since i've resolved that issue the phone has performed flawlessly. takes fabulous pictures and is very fast. holds a charge for a long time and charges quickly. bixby is useless to me.
phone looks awesome but was not compatible with sprint carrier.
i ordered the maple gold color but received the silver. it's no big issue but that's why i removed 1 star.  the phone says international but works in the us. just go to a t-mobile store to ask for a sim card. the order came with the international charger but comes with the us adapter.
at present, there is no problem.
satisfied
don't need me to tell you this thing is amazing. fully waterproof, military grade iris and fingerprint scan, high res, camera stabilizer, wireless charge, ect. on that point though, drop the funds on the wireless charger with a fan... problem is overheating and only charging 10-15%. turned off fast charge which fixed it. (settings-device maintenance-battery-advanced settings to change fast charge)
good
perfect!
damn good phone. blazing fast. almost no loading time. this is the perfect android phone ever made. works with att. make sure you turn off that edge lighting and always on screen to extend your battery life.
hello, i am drey and was wondering about getting a sample to sponsor this samsung galaxy  s8 in comparison to the iphone (which i have just done) and my samsung galaxy s7 in comparison. as far as my research and experience  goes this it the top notch phone and i plan to explain how to my many viewers to transfer them to the #androidarmy
awesome great phone! came new. came about 4 days early. i live in okinawa japan and it does not work with au but works with softbank. my complaints about the phone is the speaker ( only using the bottom facing speaker.) and the bluetooth 5.0 . i think its worse than the older types of bluetooth but split audio is really nice.  pictures and videos are alot nicer than the iphone 7 plus and it has a audio port for all your wired devices.  no regrets buying this phone.
this is a beautiful phone. i definitely wanted to experience something small but with a larger screen. a lot of people complain about the  location of the fingerprint scanner, which does  take some getting used to. but keep in mind that this is actually a natural position to place the scanner. hold whatever phone you have in your hand and really think about where you place your fingers and how you are holding your device. see what i mean? i found this new location much more convenient than using the scanner with my thumb on the front of my phone.  unfortunately, there was something i couldn't get past with this particular model. the edges are more pronounced and cause a plastic-y looking glare when in the sunlight. i almost switched back to my iphone 7 plus, but after using the s8 for a few days, it felt, and looked, old and clunky! if you are used to bigger phones, upgrade to the plus. if you've never had a super large phone, the s8 would be perfect for you!  also, please note that the orchid gray doesn't stand out as much indoors, as it appears much darker. when you're outside, the color stands out a lot more.  update: after spending 3-4 days with the s8 plus, i ended up switching back to the s8. the verizon reps were super helfpul in assisting me throughout this process!
my favorite phone ever. i got the straight talk version cause i don't like contracts but it's fantastic. this is the best galaxy phone ever. last one i had was a galaxy s5 but the s8 makes the s5 poor in comparison. i didn't know a phone could have such beautiful sound and graphics and great quality. i have wanted the s8 for a long time and just recently bought one, 3 days ago in fact and i absolutely love it. i ordered a clear case just cause i don't want to cover up the beauty of this phone.
brand new, came quick, and it's beast!!
awesome!! im so happy everything came perfect!! i was so nervous ive nevee bought a phone off amazon . the color is very nice not as blue but its nice everything was sealed and packed correctly . its a gsm network phone im guessing its only for gsm sim cards i put my cricket sim card in & it accepted it fine its very fast and has great service !! i recommend this phone !!!! :d
phone is cool, all as expected. but they sent me single sim version where i expected dual-sim version. but sorted it out with amazon support, completely satisfied.
good phone
amazing phone compared to iphone 6
this phone is amazing. the best deal in my life all thanks to mobile international llc the best choice
the screen is really vulnerable so you really need to invest on good screen protector and case. overall it's the best phone out there right now. here's a sample shot from it's camera.
great product and arrived sooner than expected. heard about mercate through a co-worker who pretty much vouched on your service,so i went with his suggestion. glad i did.! thanks
it's very nice
i was nervous about buying the phone online and if i would receive a take s8. i ordered two, one in gold and one in midnight black. they are both clean and came with the original parts of the s8. i took a chance hoping they would be real after researching fake s8's and about the company i can say they are the real thing.
hello i am a really big samsung lover and would love to promote this product thousands of followers on my instagram and youtube.
beautiful phone! was hesitant to buy because i wasn't too sure about what the international model phone was. on at&t it was a breeze to activate. simply took the sim card from my galaxy s6 into the galaxy s8 and i was good to go! love my new phone.
unfortunately , i have to return the product. but i would recommend bdsj  as they are very prompt and easy to deal with on any issues. 5 stars to their loyalty towards customer service.
very good
happy with my purchase. this is by far the best phone ive ever bought.
i have a lot of followers on instagram and more subscribers on youtube and i would love to make a video on the galaxy s8
i recently picked up this phone directly with my phone carrier mainly cause they game me free stuff in a limited offer but none the less it is the same phone from samsung. so far i am loving this phone and i would recommend this phone to just about anyone. just know it does have glass on the front and back with an edge design so it is not the most durable but i would still recommend someone getting this phone.
great
my boyfriend recently purchased this phone. the sound quality is amazing! before when talking on the phone i could never hear him and it made every word difficult to understand. now with him having this delightful device i can hear everything! never more excited to listen to the splash as his turd falls in the toilet!
excelent!!!
the device is awesome
good, very successfull!
really far and amazing camera, don't think bixby is going to last long but it's a cool feature
everything ok
props to samsung on lowering the price and screwing those who purchased the phone on release. either way it's a great phone especially if you can get it at a low price. -1 star because there are quite a bit of bugs and bixby voice is still not out....
i love my new phone, no problems with it being international. this is my second international phone since i travel for my job,it's much easier to have phone that i can just pop a sim card in and go.
its everything i wanted...no problems. i would def recommend this seller
good
i love that phone. brand new and good product
most-the screen. least-too fragile
bought it for by brother. he tells me he loves it.
excelente
excellent product, i received it in time,
great!!!
i received my samsung galaxy s8 today.  i was a little nervous about getting since i read some horror stories on the reviews.  the phone is in brand new packaging, beautiful condition.  i popped in my net10 wireless sim card and it worked instantly.  i am very pleased with this purchase.
no problems, product as described and as expected. 
just wanted to write this for those that want to use samsung pay but found out they have a panama phone.  with samsung phones, the country is locked by its csc number. you can change this by flashing a different country's firmware to the phone. for my phone, i used the australian firmware with xsa.  you can download the fw and find a guide for flashing samsung firmware (odin) on sammobile.
i'm into material things. hood rich on a payment plan. this phone is a debt worth having. it does everything even stuff i didn't think i needed.  i dropped a star because,  bixby is a waste  still using google assistant.
so far everything is good and the phone is working perfectly
i've been an iphone user for many years and just switched from iphone 6 to the galaxy s8 and i love this phone! definitely more fun than an iphone and runs smooth and fast. camera quality is simply amazing as well!  9.5 out of 10!
good!!!
very  nice amazing phone
amazing phone great seller everything was great except the delivery status but that error was from ups not from the seller  i recommended it 100 %
excelente
i tried so many "flagship"phones that past year trying to replace my s6 edge! from sony xperia xz to htc 10, until i found the note 7, too bad it was recalled, went on the hunt again, or was it then that i got the xz?, anyway ended up with the google pixel, which though very good, still felt like an unfinished product compared to the note. back to this s8 here. i'm gonna just mention the basics, coz i see so many in depth reviews here, so if ur confused about any phone compared to this one, feel free to comment on my review, i'll try to answer from experience! - the edge to edge screen is amazing, put it next to any phone out there and it stands out. i really can't stop looking at it because it's so sharp! any picture, movie, youtube video looks just better on this screen. - the camera is just great! while the pixel was advertised as the best camera on a phone, i still think this s8 is a little better. - games and apps run fluently on this phone, no lags whatsoever, this phone will run anything u throw at, no sweat. - the size is just perfect, and the weight too!  it feels as big as my google pixel but with twice the screen size (not exact measures if ur one of those! ) iwas gonna get the s8 plus, but felt it was oddly too tall and the width wasn't just adequate to the length, but the s8 is just the perfect size, easier with one hand too. -the battery is nothing special, i can say i'm an above average user and it lasts almost all day. obviously when u play more or watch more netflix, on that gorgeous screen, u'll need to charge it twice, but on most days i didn't need to. you'll not regret getting that phone, definitely the best on the market right now. i absolutely it love it and i think you will too!
simply awesome !!!!!!!!!!
impressed with my s8
great phone
just perfect
i won't talk about the phone because we all know its amazing. im going to talk about if it really works internationally and if this is a s8 in perfect conditions. before purchase i was scared the phone wouldn't work in my country do to the lack of reviews and well highly rated reviews. thats why im doing this review this phone came in perfectly.
nice samsung! the galaxy s8 is fast and easy to handle. its battery lasts twice the time of my old s6. the screen is fantastic: great resolution and brightness. it has great features and to me it represents a great gain compared to the s6. i will look forward the s10.
funciona en chile
excellent
muy buen producto.
totally recommended
cellphone is perfect. arrived on time. everything ok
excellent product
love it. awesome phone!
te wonderful phone
as expected. would by from this seller again.
amazing!!!

excellent and timely delivery
caribbean users....check your 4g/let frequency with this phone.  otherwise great phone.
it is awesome do far and is dual chip in contrary of some comments i saw before i received it.
as expected. 100% unlocked. good presentation.
awesome
i recently purchased this device not from amazon but from my local verizon store (i am here to review the device not the seller) , replacing my old galaxy s6 edge. in the past week or so i have fallen in love with this phone the extra little features are awesome. the finger print scanner on the back of the phone was a bit weird to me at first but now that i have gotten a bit more used to it i think it is a nice change. making it easier to unlock your phone as you take it out of your pocket. all in all the device deserves a 4/5. i will explain the reason i think it should get a 4/5 and there is only one issue. if i could give the the device a 4.5 i would but that is not how amazon works.  i have one single complaint. the dedicated bixby button is probably the most annoying thing i have ever used. at first you could remap the button (i changed mine to the home key) but that change would be reverted within a day and you would then have to go remap the key again. just recently samsung removed the ability to do that because people were using google assistant instead of their own assistant bixby. since the ability has been removed i ended up having to find an app that made it so i could disable all of the 6 packages that is bixby. doing this removed all functionality of the dedicated button on the side of the device. it is really stupid to have a pointless button on the side of my phone, but at least i don't have to worry about accidentally pushing it and having an application that i do not want/ use show up on my screen.
do like it better then iphone 7plus. work instantly with straight talk sim-card.
great phone, perhaps smallest overall size on the market for given size of the screen 5.8 inch.
i am from honduras, and my cellphone is working as espected, thanks a lot.
excelent !! will buy again. thank you !
works great! haven't encounter any bugs or problems with software. had mines for almost a month with no hiccup or decrease in performance.
the s8 version i received had panama firmware installed, some apps like samsung pay will not work until that country supports it, so if spay is a selling point then don't get the international version, or get an international version with firmware from a country the supports spay. other than that, no bloatware from carriers, at&t sim works fine. camera and screen is amazing, better battery life then my aging s6. usb type c is nice addition, and i can still get spay on a gear 3 smart watch, would be 5 stars if not for the spay region locks, still a great purchase.
great phone except one star shy of five because of the fingerprint reader only in the rear.  as like many people, i am often unlocking the phone on a table surface.  i don't hold it in my hand much of the time except when walking or making phone calls when moving around.  i don't hold it often such as when sitting at a desk or dinner table.  i have to pick it up and re-hold it a specific way to unlock it using fingerprint identification.  not a feasible design.  iris and face recognition are unreliable as a technology with different environments and lighting.  i have to go back to the old fashion pin or easy-to-hack swipe to use the security on it.  also should mention that the camera lens gets smeared up easily by having the fingerprint reader right next to it.
nice phone
i love the new nintendo. great button feel and colors for my grandson. would definitely recommend for other people looking for gifts for their grandkids! glad i finally found one on amazon, these were too hard to find at target and wal-mart.
probably the most feature packed phone out right now. looks stunning, performs great, amazing camera, best screen on a smartphone hands down. i love the iris scanner which works flawlessly even in a fully dark room which amazes me. battery life has been great so far lasting me through a full day easily but i do have to charge it every night. charging this phone is not as fast as some other phones like oneplus 3, honor 8 or the axon 7. but you have wireless charging which makes up for it. the headphones included in the box are great as well. the fingerprint scanner location is not an issue for me, i have a case on and it's not difficult to reach but it does take some getting used to. the camera is also one of the best right up there with the google pixel.  the sound is pretty good, not amazing like stereo speaker phones but its loud and clear enough. it's easy to use with one hand even though it has a huge 5.8-inch screen thanks to the new 18.5 by 9 screen aspect ratio and the 84% screen to body ratio.
excellent phone, beautiful aesthetics, and a taste of the future worth paying for: 9/10.  tl;dr gorgeous & futuristic phone, industry-leading screen, excellent and reliable (rear and front) camera, full-day battery, water and dust proof, wireless (fast) charging, and bluetooth 5.0!  on the downside, it won't receive timely software updates, and fingerprint scanner location is a minor setback.  it's hard to choose your next phone because there are so many good options today, and potentially good phones coming later this year (2017). by now you've probably seen a million reviews on the s8, but it doesn't make the decision easier. here's my suggestion, in two quick steps. make sure none of the cons below are deal-breakers for you. then, look over the list of unique advantages, and see if they get you excited enough to pay the hefty $750. if you're still here after that, then welcome to the club! be sure to check out my final tips for maximizing your s8 experience.  cons: 1. edge screen is beautiful, but annoying in two situations.  it creates visual distortions a little (less than s7 edge though).  it is also difficult to hold the phone up in the air, face down (e.g. before sleep), as the phone is prone to accidentally registering side touches.  a case remedies the latter problem, but i dislike putting a case on such a beautiful phone (see pro tip #1). 2. samsung is not very good with software updates.  if you take great pleasure from trying new android in a timely manner, this isn't for you -- the only two options are iphones and pixels.  that said, keep in mind that new software updates typically slow down the phone. 3. fingerprint scanner location has been mentioned a gazillion times.  yes, i wish it was on the front.  no, it really isn't that bad on an s8 (s8+ is a different story).  you know, we have this thing called "muscle memory"..  it took me two days to adjust to the new location, and now i have no problems.  if you really hate it, try facial recognition or iris scanner, they're very good (see pro tip #8) 4. the phone has glass back thats prone to cracking, so watch out if youre clumsy.  but see pro tip #1 5. s8 doesnt have monster battery life, and it needs to be charged once a day.  if you need to go past a day, look elsewhere. 6. some are disappointed about a lack of dual-camera.  personally, the rear camera is wide enough that i am rarely in a situation where i feel the need for a wide-angle lens (like in lg).  an optical zoom would have been nice (like in iphone 7+), but not really an issue for me (see pro tip #6)  unique advantages 1. futuristic aesthetics of a bezelless all-screen phone.  this doesnt really improve the functionality of the phone, but theres just something satisfying about this futuristic experience. 2. the screen is just so damn beautiful, no contest here.  always-on display is useful. 3. as of today, its the only phone that checks all of my needs: excellent rear camera, excellent front camera (reviewers too often ignore this), water proof, dust proof, wireless (fast) charging, full-day battery life, a headphone jack, a micro sd card slot, fingerprint scanner, and after using the s8, bluetooth 5.0! 4. bluetooth 5.0 is amazing.  s8 is a first phone to come with this, and its awesome.  i frequently use the ability to connect to two different speakers at once, for a surround-sound like experience in my room.  you can also listen to the same music with your friend in a library, by connecting to two different headphones. 5. s8 is also the first phone to come with gigabit lte, which is nice for future-proofing the phone, but it doesn't quite help us yet.  pro tips 1. consider getting a tempered-glass screen protector (theyre better on s8 than on s7 edge) and a slickwraps/dbrand skin for the back.  the skins make your phone look unique, improves grip, and it also helps cover up cracks if youve dropped your phone.  slickwraps frequently has discount promotions on their website, so watch out for that.  dont use a case, enjoy the beautiful phone! 2. bixby is useless, and if youre like me, most smart assistants are still generally not helpful and just raises privacy concerns.  you can remap the bixby button (as of april 2017): see https://www.xda-developers.com/3-applications-bypass-bixby-restriction/ 3. general android tip: go to settings, developer options, set window/transition/animator animation scales to x0.5 to speed things up (google this if you dont know what i mean) 4. general amoled tip: take advantage of black wallpapers to save battery life 5. set screen resolution up to qhd.  in my experience it barely affects battery life in everyday use.  going hd will significantly improve battery life if you are a heavy gamer, or use cpu intensive apps a lot. 6. if you really miss dual-camera set-ups in other phones, consider getting a separate smartphone camera lens kit that sells for ~$20.  theyre less convenient than a built-in dual lens, but on the upside theyre much more versatile and fun. 7. if you are still not convinced whether to buy s8, then wait.  most phones (except iphones and pixels) drop prices relatively quickly, and you may be able to snatch one up cheap refurbished in auction sites. 8. contrary to some reviews, the facial recognition and the iris scanner are reliable and fast.  in my experience, how you register your face/iris determines how effective it will be.  if you wear glasses, register with glasses on.  also, register under medium lighting conditions and not in extreme conditions.  you want the phone to be able to recognize you under different environments.  it's a really nice phone, highly recommended.
sm950f upgrading from an s5 using straight talk bring your own phone. i did have to get the $59 pack from walmart but only used the nano sim to replace the existing sim that was too large, so i still have the service plan for next month. switching from one phone to another was a breeze using supplied cables and adapters. although it did transfer apps but not passwords, for example my wink hub app went over keeping all switches and routines but i had no clue what many of the passwords were. as i was dealing with a dead old phone i could just reset them via that before wiping it. the mains charger has european prongs but i have many usb wall chargers so no big deal. the factory headphones are worse than my $30 ones. but the phone itself is a dream compared to an s5. so much quicker and no lags
solid performance, beautiful design, the latest processor as of 04/28/2017, bluetooth 5.0! they fixed the problem that i had with the galaxy s7 edge that i often accidently touched the edges of the screen, it doesn't happen with the "edges" of this screen anymore. i have a google pixel xl and i'm going to switch for the samsung galaxy s8, not the s8+, because even with my big hands i have to stretch my hand to be able to reach for the fingerprint sensor of the s8+. the screen of the s8 is even bigger than the google pixel xl by 2% already and the total size of the phone is smaller than the pixel xl. in terms of the software update, it's slower to be released than for the google pixel xl, but it's faster than for the carrier phones, like at&t, verizon, t-mobile, etc. you can't go wrong with this phone, in general terms, comparing all the features, pros and cons, it's the best in the market.  pros: -design -wireless charging -latest processor -bluetooth 5.0 -mobile hdr premium technology -no problems (at least for me) in touching the edges of the screen accidently. -water/dust resistance ip68 -good battery optimization -usb type-c -headphones 3.5mm input -akg earbuds included -great quality camera -beautiful display (image) -usb type-c to usb adapter included -usb type-c to usb adapter included -pay safely virtually at any store with samsung pay (something that apple pay and android pay can't do) -comes already with android 7.0 nougat -expandable storage via microsd card.  cons: -comes with 64gb of internal memory with no other options with more storage other than through the microsd card -no unlimited storage on the cloud for pictures and videos (like google pixel and pixel xl) -fingerprint in one of the worst places possible. -sound not that great with only one speaker (not stereo)
i didn't buy from amazon but i did get one from metro-pcs. i'm blown away by this phone and i've only had it about 2 days. first off let me say how great the battery life is. i'll provide a real life example of use. i took it off the charger at about 3pm on 4/27/17. i texted, watched videos, surfed the web for a few hours, played a high graphics game & live streamed on youtube for an hour and the phone is only at 50%. thats a lot of use for about 12 hours. i loved the s7 edge and this is everything and extra. the screen is outstanding and cant say enough good things about this phone. its exactly what you want out of a phone plus more. sure its a lot of money, but you're paying a good price for something simply amazing. if you have the cash, just buy it. it's well worth it.
note: i am reviewing this phone based on its quality and functionality, and it's full suggested retail price of $750, and not based on price-gouging from these third-party re-sellers.  a quick prologue: i had been laying low since buying two samsung galaxy s6 edges in early 2015 (one gold, one white - yes, i loved it that much). i knew that it was the perfect phone for me at that time, and that based on how the cell phone evolution was going on then (early 2015), i knew the s7 edge would be an iterative succession, and not a big leap forward. so i bought my s6 edges with the thought in mind that i would have it for at least 2-3 years. my analysis was that samsung at that point in time had plateaued their curved screen technology and philosophy, and would move on next to foldable screens by 2020. i gave them a couple of buffer years in case they didn't feel like introducing us to such drastic technology too early, as samsung has a habit of forward thinking, yet holding back a year or two so they can milk the most money out of their current technologies. fast forward to this year, and i have not been wrong - samsung has indeed matured and plateaued its curved screen plans, but their foldable screen technology has not been up to speed, so it would be delayed for another year or two (they are still on track for 2020). with the introduction and quick adoption/popularity of hdr technology, they can afford to stay on their curved screen plan for another year or two until they lower the costs of their foldable screen technology down enough for mass production.  i loved my s6 edges, but i got bored of the gold one quickly, and sold it to buy a rose gold iphone 6s last year, while keeping the white s6 edge. i loved everything about it - mainly the beautiful curved screen design, but even more so, the awesome camera, which was the best for its time, and still holds up today as one of the very best in bright light. if you go through my reviews, 99% of the photos from 2015 on are from my s6 edge. it is so good i have replaced my travel dslr with it (i still use my canon 5d mark iii for my serious projects), and all my instagram photos are also from my s6 edge (you can find the link to my ig on my amazon profile).  sorry for the long intro, but it ties to my review that the camera on the s8 is even better. do not be fooled by early hands-on articles that the rear camera is the same as the s7 edge. it is not the same. it is a new camera system developed by sony, and it is a dual-pixel system which takes two photos each time you press the shutter button, and quickly and deftly combines the two to give you an awesome final photo, which contains hdr and selective focus elements/photo modes. it excels in low light conditions, with its f1.7 aperature, and it even exceeds the s7 edge's camera. it might not compete in fast action with the ridiculous 960 fps sony camera in its new xperia x phones, but for everyday use, i feel this is the best phone camera so far. it has electronic image stabilization (eis), even up to 4k video recording, which is a first for phone cameras. the front (selfie) camera is also vastly improved, but not as good as the 13mp camera of the lg g6.  this is a photography geek's review, leading in with the camera, but i know most of you are more concerned with the big beautiful screen, which it is exactly that. the resolution is 2960 x 1440 pixels, or a pixel density of 570 ppi. the technology is samsung's very own oled, called samoled. it is the same basic technology that makes the best tv screens in lg's oled tvs. samsung's 2017 version is so good, it is apparently the best screen ever. you can read more technical specs from display mate:  displaymate. com/galaxy_s8_shootout_01.htm (erase the space between the dot com)  how samsung has managed to squeeze all that goodness into a phone this size is quite a technological marvel, and quite a gamble as well. instead of the 16:9 ratio 95% of the phones out there today have, they have chosen on a 18:5.9 ratio, which just sounds really weird. this is pretty much a 3:1 ratio, which is quite unheard of. even lg's unique g6 phone has a different 18:9 (or 2:1) ratio. so this is samsung's way of truly trying to stand out from the crowd for this generation (year). i really don't know why they chose this ratio, as even cinema (movie theatre) ratio is 21:9, so there truly is no video/film format that perfectly fits this screen's ratio. so there will be empty spaces around the videos and movies you watch, but the black bezels will help eliminate that disparity - note that all s8's, regardless of what color scheme, have black front bezels.  this phone is actually more narrow than the s6/s6 edge. the s8 measures 68.1mm wide by 8.1mm thick by 148.9mm tall, and weighs 155 grams, while the s6 edge is 70.1 x 7 x 142.1 mm, and weighs 132 g. but as you can see it is a tick thicker, and noticeable taller and heavier. so although the s8 has a total footprint that is larger than the s6 edge, or is actually easier and more comfortable to hold in one hand. for further comparisons, the iphone 7 is 138.3 x 67.1 x 7.1 mm (138 g), the iphone 7 plus is 158.2 x 77.9 x 7.3 mm (188 g), and the lg g6 is 148.9 x 71.9 x 7.9 mm (163 g). so it actually is easier to grasp in the hand than most other phones of similar size, only bested by the (much smaller) iphone 7 (4.7-inch screen vs. 5.8-inch for the s8).  the sound systems are also improved, as the speaker is louder and more clear, and the audio processing is much much better for listening to music with your earphones/headphones. however, it is still a mono speaker, not even stereo-immersive sound, and of course nowhere near as good as htc's usual dual-speakers. speaking of earphones, a pair of premium akg earphones are included, which is the best factory-bundled earphones i have witnessed. it cannot compare to my velodynes and sennheisers, but it beats all other cheap generic bundled earphones. that reminds me, you should spend the extra $100 on the extra bundle, which in addition to the included vr headset, also includes a samsun 256gb microsd card, and a pair of akg bluetooth headphones. each sells for over $100, so you are actually saving a bunch:<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/akg-bluetooth-headphone-black-y50btblk/dp/b01bx72ruy/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=utf8">akg bluetooth headphone black (y50btblk)</a><a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/samsung-evo-256gb-uhs-i-microsdxc-u3-memory-card-with-adapter-mb-mc256da-am/dp/b01jngcwhu/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=utf8">samsung evo+ 256gb uhs-i microsdxc u3 memory card with adapter (mb-mc256da/am)</a>.  my s6 edge worked fluidly and flawlessly in the first few month. but even with the top processor of the time, and 3gb of ram, it slowed down as the memory neared the capacity, especially after the hundreds of photos began to pile up. the camera, once near instantaneous to turn on, now takes about a second. the s8, with its 4gb of ram and either the qualcomm snapdragon 835 processor or samsung's own exynos 8895 so far is doing an impeccable job. the snapdragon 821, and even the 820, is fast enough for 2017, so having the 835 and the exynos 8895 future-proofs it for another 2-3 years at least, since i feel with each successive processor, we are getting to the point where the hardware requirements for software is plateauing, and you would only need the latest processors for video games which keeps getting better and better and continually needs the fastest processor. i think once we reach 6gb of ram, any processor beyond the 835/8895 should be fast enough for every day apps of the next 10 years.  in totality, this is the first phone since the s6 edge that i got really excited about, and with the rumored oled iphone coming out this year, 2017 should be a great year for fans of both sides to upgrade. if you don't mind the $750+ price, you can't go wrong with the samsung galaxy s8. it is an investment that should last a few years, or at least until those foldable screen phones come out....
it's great
great
works fine
lived up to expectations
we got the phone with in 2 days. it is very good.
love this new handset, switched from apple to samsung earlier this year...marvelous and amazing phone it is... fast processing and cool looking...many useful features...
this is the best phone ever made. period.  i've been an apple fanboy for years but they're just about gouging their customers.  it's the best phone with the most features and my life is actually different now that i can use samsung pay everywhere.  i thought apple pay was cool but samsung pay actually works everywhere, it's magic.
ok
awesome phone! love it!!!! all features are great! camera is soooooo clean!
the phone is all i was waiting for, and more.
excelent phone! the best in market
the best phone i've ever purchased, amazing display, great camera, the only problem, is that i got the uk version, meaning, my adapter was different than what i use in the u.s., so i had to buy a fast charging adapter separately
great condition cell phone.great price!!!
amazing phone
good deal
brand new phone, factory direct. software update came in less than an hour. it took two hours to load. very happy with the unit so far. got a spigen case, it feels better in the hand with a case on it. no carrier bloatware.
good price and shipping.
excellent, i love with my new phone
if you plan to activate the phone with us carriers you will not get 4g data service. you will get hspa which is a little slower and good enough for most people. everything else will work. for example if the phone's imei number is not in at&t's database , then lte will not be supported. at&t does not provide a solution such as adding the phone's imei into their database when you contact them. this is how they and others discourage people buying phones from others. the sellers won't tell you this. at&t and verizon will not tell you this. your congressman will not do anything about it. oh well  there are other things more important in life.
was sceptical buying an international unlock. but was happy with the purchase.
love it! i have had all the samsung phones, with the exception of the note 7 (we all know why haha), and this one is my favorite so far. looking fowards to see what they bring to the table with the s9. i bought mine while being stationed in italy and having the international version makes things sooo much easier when traveling for work and needing different sim cards while in other countries. after about a month of use, i bought a docking fast charger also to make my life a little easier, since i kept pulling messing up my charging cables. here is the link for the fast charger, if anyone was curious, along with a case that fits extremely well.  fast dock charger: https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/b06zylq2tp?ie=utf8&tag=cbpreferredbu-20&camp=1789&linkcode=xm2&creativeasin=b06zylq2tp  case: https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/b06xp87dgc?ie=utf8&tag=cbpreferredbu-20&camp=1789&linkcode=xm2&creativeasin=b06xp87dgc
i love this phone!!!
great phone. smooth service
great product but customer service could be better.
phone arrived boxed neatly, works well on the flow hspa+ & gsm networks, however does not work on flow's lte band 13 network in the caribbean. appears that some variants of the sm-g950f are compatible with lte band 13, this one however, does not.
perfect
delivered on time with no issues, good packaging and wonderful phone!
very good
excellent
