i've had this phone for a year. and it was a great phone. but then samsung sent out an update to its operating system in early april, 2018. now, with the same settings, the phone drains the battery like crazy. i must plug it in two or three times in a normal day (no streaming, no watching videos). i've researched on the internet and done everything possible to reduce battery drain, but nothing helps. it's the new operating system. it consumes the battery like crazy.
don't get me wrong, it's a good phone. battery life is good, and the display quality and camera are second to none. unfortunately, there are a number of things about this phone that are so annoying that i'm looking to replace it a month after purchase. granted, i'm kind of a phone snob, so these things might not bother others as much as they did me. so make this short, i'll make a list:  -the curved screen means constantly missing buttons that are on the side of the screen. good luck if you're playing a game. alongside this, anything displayed is distorted along the sides. so tv shows and movies suffer. the side menu is (very) occasionally helpful, but hardly justifies the issues caused by the edges. if this is the alternative, then just include the side bezels. really, the whole thing amounts to more of a novelty than something actually worthwhile. it's supposed to save space, but it doesn't. which leads me to my next point:  -this phone is huge. if you're looking for a normal-sized phone, this isn't one, despite being the smaller of the gs8's. reaching across the screen requires constant repositioning and stretching. and if you have a case on it, it's a giant lump of tech in your pocket. also: -the 18:9 resolution is pointless. not only is every video ever shot in 16:9, but there's no way to globally keep the navigation bar displayed. if there was, the 18:9 display would be inconsequential (since you'd effectively have a 16:9 display). but since there isn't, you have a larger display area, but have to swipe up to show the navigation bar constantly. there seems to be some way to make it stay on screen on a per-app basis, but i've yet to figure out how. reaching the status bar without repositioning your hand is hopeless, even with big hands.  -samsung's software is still incredibly laggy and bloated. after using a pixel (1) for over a year, everything about it seems slow. apps, games, web pages all load surprisingly slow for the hardware this phone is running, and scrolling constantly stutters.  -the worst thing about this phone? the fingerprint sensor. since apple (not a fan, but credit where it's due) pretty much perfected this tech a few years ago, it's been a pretty standard thing in the mobile world, and one that's expected to just work. but on the gs8, it's just abysmal. the sensor is in a terrible spot, is small and awkwardly shaped, and requires your finger to cover the entire sensor to work. so if your placement is even a little off, it won't work. it makes unlocking this phone a chore every. single. time. so every time, you have to approach the sensor from the top or bottom (it's rectangular).  all this being said, there are a few features that i like about this phone. the always-on display is something that i really like about my gs7, and missed with my pixel. (there are ways to have it with root, but nothing beats having something stock) pixel and nexus phones only allow tethering if you have a subscription through your provider (can override with root), but the gs8 has the check disabled stock, which is nice. the sheer number of people that have these phones makes rooting and dmverity defeat very easy. overall, i think samsung is starting to pull an apple, where they're getting overly confident in their position in the mobile market and have turned to form over function. i've had a lot of phones over the years, starting with the original iphone and averaging about a phone a year, and this is the first one that i immediately disliked (i do a lot of research before buying something that costs $600+). i'll probably be getting a sony xperia xz2 compact (god their naming sucks) whenever i can get one for a decent price. the z3 was one of the best phones i've owned (behind of course, the nexus 5), and it seems like it's the phone i was hoping the gs8 would be.
do not buy. no where on the phone does it say s8 it says "duos", seems like fake material, even thought it is a "international verison", it is still suppose to be samsung. the headphones are from a akg company which  is not real samsung, the phone camera quality is terrible my old note 3 has better quality.
mine was an italian version and samsung pay doesn't work on it (disappointing), bixby wouldn't work the first 2 months i had it, and many of the samsung apps are in italian and can't be changed. other than that, it's great.
i couldn't use it as verizon told me they couldn't unlock it so i had to send it back!
i had this phone for less than a week before it started bugging and failing. do not buy the phone from this place, you only have 15 days warranty so if your phone fails after that you are screwed. i was lucky that mine died within a week. i repeat, do not buy a phone from this place. i decided to give them another opportunity buying the gear s3 which had a defective charger. if you care about your money do not but anything from this place.
fake af
garbage, fake,  pos
phone cracked and i have only had it for 2 weeks
worst phone ever! the wifi setting suddendly stop working. contacted samsung and they didnt do anything to fix the phone!! they having issues with the wifi antena. wait until they fix it
nice phone but far too fragile. owned it 3 weeks, screen cracked after setting it down on counter. 250-500 to fix.
good day, i am very disaapointed, i bought the maple gold, i open the box and realise it's arctic silver, this is very disappointing. i should get some sort of compensation.
camera lose focus. lot of users claiming for the same issue.
camera is all blurry and phone works like crap.... do not buy from this user.
it has crashed a lot and i still do not understand why the screen stays on while charging
has problems with the screen
the screen has cracked for the 2nd time during the last 3 months. and repairs start at 250. the rest of the characteristics don't matter so much when the whole screen becomes a spider web every several weeks. this phone will cost you 2-3 times more during ownership.
i got the phone but it's broken at the back
my rear camera is done after 2 months using, it is not clear; the font camara is good. it was no drop, no water; i live alone, no childrent used, has case protection. i reseted setting factory but real camera still not clear. please give me some advice.
i had a problem with and i call samsung 4 time i steel waiting for samsung call me back.
received a s6 plus edge !!! what a ripoff!!!!!!!
don't get this phone, if you break the glass in cannot be repaired anywhere!
the phone restart alone 2 to 3 times in the day...i will try and format it with new os...uppdate 30/11/17, now that i want to install new firmware for the signal problem i find out that i received a g950u1, and not the g950f that i ordered
i've been using my cell for two and a half months and the camera auto focus system suddenly stopped working. it wont focus either on normal camera o selfie camera, i have to tap the phone in order for it to focus. i am very disappointed with this problem.
the phone works as expected, but if you drop it which yo are guaranteed to do within 2-3 years that you plan to use it it will 100% break. the plastic is very fragile.
samsung software is awful and intrusive bixby sucks fingerprint scanner sucks headphones suck  save yourself the trouble and get an lg
had this phone for about 3 months. thought it was working fine. been a samsung user my whole life. but after the latest update, the phone kept restarting on its own. i called samsung to see if they can repair it, but the serial number is not in their system. phone is fake, but looks real. very upset about this because the seller said they can't do anything about it after the 3 month period. luckily amazon was able to help me with the refund. don't buy from this seller.
the first month everything was fine then i started having problems with the speakers then recently it started saying i did'nt have connection so now i cant use itbother than with wifi.
pretty to look at but piece of crap... did arrive with all the 'bits n pieces', powered up but then went haywire/crazy... continuously flashing from screen to screen with no way to access the power off  or reset buttons to shut it off... unable to do a forced reboot.... unable to successfully boot in recovery mode .... unable to do a master reset....  as i'm on an international flight in less than 12 hours (and not back stateside for a while) have no time to deal with returns.... basically a waste of money.... don't waste yours!!!  learn from the almost 25% 1 star reviews of total reviews on this item/supplier... (samsung galaxy s8 64gb unlocked phone - international version / maple gold - mobiles international llc)
good phone, but a surprize custom fee never mentionned to get it in canada... added 200$ to the price...
yeah wasn't unlocked? hella nice phone but like buy the real one guys:/ didn't work at verizon we tried new sims and all but this fake sorry
some wifi connections problems, need to restart frequently (bug), too lazy to complete and receive a call and problems to recognize memory cards. in my opinion it is an expensive cell and full of problem.
this is a fake phone. i got a replica phone. now i have to return it
received a plastic model phone with second hand cords that were not official samsung.
i have a problem because the screen broke, i whant to know if the warranty cover that, because i did not buy  screensaver because the screen was resistant to everything.
i hate bixby. samsung please disable bixby. the phone is a piece of glass. buy the case before you buy the phone. otherwise it's a great phone.
ordered maple gold housing and received a silver casing.
was a fake dont buy
beautiful device but came with italian voda phone applications that cant be removed
"bixby" will be the death of samsun
dont buy this! this is fake / malfunction ! i received a dummy phone and chargers!
beware as the screen on the galaxy s8 is very, very fragile. i had a proper rubber case and a screen protector but the screen cracked completely with a small drop. figuring out how to get the screen replaced is a challenge, but when i finally got through to the right person it turns out that, as this is an international model, it can only be repaired back in the country of origin... which, even if i was so inclined, is a mystery to me.  so, i have a brand new phone with a wrecked screen and no way forward to get it fixed. if i liked the phone more, i might try to jump through additional hoops but it's really not particularly good. okay, but not great. be warned, if you buy one also buy the thickest, heftiest possible protective case and hope for the best, because if the screen breaks - a high probability - you're out of luck.
lasted one day and the screen turned into green. cannot return it now because im from abroad. feels like i got ripped off.[[asin:b06y1652h5 samsung galaxy s8 64gb unlocked phone - international version (arctic silver).
this is a fake phone. i bought this phone unlock spend 600 plus dollars. in the box fake phone dummy phone and no charger no headphone. nothing at all in the box.
item was not sealed properly in box, arrived within the set time however there a 2 minor nicks scratches on the back of the unit, sure not entirely new unit or failed quality control hence price. phone checks out on iemi.info though so genuine product.
it gets hot easly. the camera is not good as a samsung. its china version.
this 'phone' was pure rubbish! literally! it's a hard casing with a paper screen the charger didn't fit, no headphones, 'phone' wouldn't even buzz... of course because it wasn't an actual phone!
do not buy ! this is a fake phone. i recently purchased this phone and when i received it, it was fake. beware !!!
the phone is most likely a fake.  i got the phone for travel purposes.  the international phone is dual sim . this is not.  also it does not seem to have a lot of the bands used in europe and asia.  there is no warranty .  and by the time i returned more than 30 days from purchase.  so essentially you get swindled.
i had recently paid for the unlocked international version of the samsung galaxy s8(sm-g950f), however, upon receipt it was the unlocked us model(sm-g950us1) that was being sold for $100 less. it's use was intended for outside of the us. if i knew, i wouldn't have bothered to purchase this.  very disappointing to me. 
i bought a real cell phone for more than 600 dollars, not in the most expensive piece of plastic in history. they sent me a toy used in stores to avoid theft, with no commercial value. the screen image is printed, there is no battery. i have been cheated. they did not bother sending a dummy for a galaxy s8, it looks like an s6
its okkk..not good result
the phone was not compatible with my verizon wireless contract. doesn't seem to work with verizon's us network. had to return the phone and purchase a different one
phone has terrible reception, and this recurring problem with calls where i can hear them but they can't hear me.  samsung phones have been slipping ever since the s3, which was the last samsung product i enjoyed.  i'm trying really hard not to get sucked into apple world, so i sent this back and now have an htc phone.  call quality and reception are a ton better on the same carrier, so it wasn't the carrier's fault (as samsung tried to tell me in several calls to their useless customer no-service in india).  i'd recommend looking elsewhere.
i received a piece of steel . im sending it back
the usb-c port gets broken, is a very common problem with this model, as is an unlocked phone samsung doesn't provide warranty for it (this is absurd) and the seller doesn't give any warranty either, so, i was rip off, don't let it happen to you.
this carrier is not good.
it's been less than a month since i bought my samsung galaxy s8. and this phone is more fragile than samuel jackson on the movie "unbreakable". i committed the biggest mistake of my life when i decided to get rid of my google pixel xl phone. it is like ending your relationship with your legitimate girlfriend to date a prostitute. i used to be a big fan of samsung galaxy phones. (bought google's galaxy nexus, samsung galaxy s2, note 3, note 5) they were strong phones. now that i bought my galaxy s8 it fell on the soft carpet on the floor and the screen shattered. now i regret purchasing this phone, but it is good to learn from our mistakes. :d and this is the last samsung product i ever purchase on the rest of my life. i will give lg brand products a chance to be part of my life.
it was used and broken.
cant use it. verizon cant open it! beautiful thing but useless if you want a phone.
truchada total
paying almost 900 dollars for a phone and then some for a case you'd think it wouldn't break. my screen has shattered twice now. i've never broken a phone before in my life. i've never dropped this phone either. one minute it's fine and the next it's shattered. it was in my purse all day next to my cloth wallet. i never set my purse down nor did it get hit/leaned on/thrown/etc.. i pull out the phone and it's shattered. i'm so frustrated and angry that something this expensive would break for no apparent reason. twice. if i could give 0 stars, i would. this is absurd. i want my money back.
very good and it serve the purpose.
wth!!! the phone i recieved does not have bixby voice. scam!
terrible. it was not even a real phone. would not recommend buying from electrocell.
its a good phone but my simcard doesnt work. i live in japan, i am a bit dissapointed. anyone know how to fix this?  its even an international simcard for foreigners visiting japan...
i order galaxy s8 , but inseide included in s5 that is chinese producted
replica box says s8 but the phone is s5 with sticker saying s5. the phone will not power up, if you put magnet on the screen it sticks, if you put a magnet on real screen it will not stick because it is glass . i paid over $600 for this for a family member visiting from trinidad and this is what we get.  amazon is to big with with no quality checks on its vendors. i bet this will not be allowed to be posted but i willl be reaching out to the better business bureau
the phone is valid only in europe. i need a code to unlock the phone
phone break easily and has screen problems
i've had just about every samsung galaxy phone since s2. loved it. always a step ahead of apple and i liked the flexibility of android. bought s8 and i had to say it is the worst galaxy i've owned.  the main issue is screen that cracks so easily. i didn't even drop the phone, i sat down and it was in my pocket, and the little bump of the phone caused the screen to crack. in a few more days i got a few more cracks. there is absolutely no value in the "infinity" screen, it's beautiful but worthless. in my 8 years of owning multiple galaxies i only cracked the screen once, and i dropped it many times. s8 has a design flaw.  then there's samsung bloatware that annoys the hell out of you. bixby is useless but you can't disable it. it wakes up when a button is pressed accidentally in your pocket and it starts making noises, sometimes launching apps... what a piece of garbage!  samsung keyboard and speech recognition is much worse than google's but they enable it by default.  at least samsung has accepted my return and out of loyalty i bought s7 which i am much happier with.
this by far the worse phone i have ever owned. i mean there is so much wrong i don't k ow where to start. first of all if you have big or think fingers  do not buy this phone. not even the plus works for me.can not write without making a mistake. the worse thing is my phone felt the first day one foot and it cracked bad. it's material is so week and parts are very expensive.  i'm done i can't say everything else. just don't buy this phone
took this phone first to verizon to activate they told me it was gsm so could not activate as they are cdma compatible only.  took it to at&t who told me it was incompatible with their service too.  it's going back.  wasted my entire day on junk!
be aware, the phone's screen will crack on the first drop, even if you use a case and screen protector. unfortunately it happened to me just as it apparently has happened to many other users (if you google galaxy s8 cracked screen, you will find many results)  so even though all the rest of the phone is outstanding, i would never ever buy it again as it will not even last even a month. my biggest concern is that repairing a cracked screen costs 200-300 usd and that i know i would have to repair it again just a few weeks later.  of course, i have tried to be very careful, but due to the full glass body of the phone, it is extremely slippery and will slip out your pocket and fall of any surface very quickly and easily.  i have been a faithful samsung customer for many years, but unfortunately i will probably not have a choice but need to look for a high end smartphone of lg, sony or htc now.  ps: the stunning edge-glass-infinity-screen design is the cause of this deal braking problem. i guess one has to decide between the most beautiful and most breakable phone, or an a little bit less beautiful but more robust phone.
seriously, don't buy this phone. the bubble screen just makes finding a good, and sturdy screen protector on it difficult. it's just an ascetic thing and adds nothing to the phone. secondly it doesn't take a standard micro usb port. there's a reason people buy android phones, to stay away from stupid niche's like that. the side bar app thing they show as a selling point is also pointless, it's another stupid feature they add to make this phone "look" like they've added something new from the older phones. but in reality it's just the same as having certain apps in a folder on your wallpaper. don't waste your money on this phone, don't let samsung think that it's ok to make people buy certain chargers just so they can get extra money from you or leave your screen vulnerable to damages so you have to buy insurance on it, or a new phone.
poor battery life, hard to charge... anyone else that has one of these phones notice that if you try to charge it just using a usb cable to you computer, it barely charges? and the samsung wireless charging dock i bought with it is not reliable...it shuts off some nights  and i find phone charged only 75% after being on wireless charger all night. btw:  there are some days when the battery life starts at 100% but is down to 65% by 10am, after only a little use.  this is a deal killer for me...i already paid $900+ and now i have to buy more $35 samsung chargers.  that's ridiculous.  and all the other inconveniences (button in wrong spot, adware preloaded, etc) make me wish i had stayed with iphone.
if i can give zero star i will
a huge disappointment, it feels like several steps back from the s7. the curved screen provides no benefits that i have noticed, in fact it has been a hindrance on numerous occasions. the cuvre prevents you from accessing the time bar on some video player when in full screen, making rewinding or fast forwarding a hassle. the phone also features a useless assistant named bixby with its own dedicated button located directly below the volume controls. this frequently causes bixby to accidently open, closing whatever app you were using, whenever you attempt to adjust the volume. overall a huge disappointment and an overall frustrating device to use
amazon sells these phones without a us recognized imei identification number.
amazon sells these phones without a us recognized imei identification number. the phone won't work.
its not unlocked :(
i have progressed from the s6 through the s7 and now to the s8.  the s8 is just ok compared to the s7 based on my experience.  i really do not like the fact that they took away the home button.  it is so convenient to use it to activate the screen.  the current design is a kludge.  the buttons for volume and for bixby are almost directly opposite to the power button.  this is the worst design ever.  as a result, trying to turn off the screen is an extreme pain and usually results in a photo of my hand or activating bixby or changing the volume.  my old iphone had a good design, with the power button on top.  i'd have moved back to apple, but can't stand the restrictions, like on managing music.  the phone is a bit faster than the s7, but i have trouble with it responding to my touch.  that could be a symptom of the screen protector causing interference though.  i am not a fan of the curved edges, preferring the flat screen.  the display quality is great.  the fingerprint scanner is inconvenient, but i knew that was the case going into this phone.
bought from samsung. samsung messed up my order. the phone itself has buggy software, locks up or has lagging graphics, even for the most basic things. it's also very easy to slip off your hand. the on-screen home button sucks.
wow this is a hideously tiny narrow phone, i like samsung and this phone is so depressing to open im sening right back terrible tiny wow seriously id think about it evennif it was 200 or less i wouldnt buy it .. i currently have the amazon moto g4 but missed samsung i had very first galaxy captivate 8 years or so ago then had the 4 and wow the 8 is a huge let down ... samsung step up or your going to force me to apple products i have always avoided  cant believe how poor of size this phone is sad.
very nice phone all around.  pros: great design. amazing form factor for the size. pretty fast great camera  cons: tends to lose wifi connection where my pixel xl does not samsung is too pushy with adds from their apps. forced to have some samsung apps and even facebook (cannot uninstall) gets laggy every now and then. slow android updates.
the phone is not even powering up. the package is not sealed. it is not working at all !
the infinity screen (formally edge) hinders so much. hard too keep your fingers off the scream while holding it and that causes all kinds of issues. nobody can make a good case for it... too much glass exposed on the edges. text and images wrap around the edges. and to make matters worse: bixby!
never buy from thecoos again, wanted an international phone, so i can travel from usa to other places, once the phone arrived, tried t run it on, but noticed the buttons are not pressing like they should be, and secondly, i tried to open the sim card, but it was not opening with the pin, noticing that it must of have been glued shut, also tried to charge the phone, but it was not working as the cable was very loose and not staying put. then i noticed that the phone was just a defective phone, paying 600$ was just a waste for this junky phone.
over emphasis on the screen @ the expense of the poor placement of the fingerprint sensor does not justify to expense.  poor customer orientation continues with the inability to re-map bixby key.  ai is not very useful.
phone having errors and freezing even after carrier reflashed the stock software on the phone. samsung and my carrier keep cold transferring my to the other and promising call back. two days and 6 hours of phone calls later still no solution or help at all from samsung.
phone does not work with verizon, it does work with t-mobile. unfortunately you will find out after  going through the pain of trying to set the device up.
the phone is great other than the screen, that will break in a two foot fall, and cost you over $300 unless you have insurance. the most breakable glass on any phone!
so, let me start off by saying that i really did love my expereince overall with this phone. it's fast, pretty, and top of it's class. that was until one day, my phone began to crash randomly throughout the day. i thought maybe it just needed a reset, so i did just that. the problem persisted yet, so i have samsung a call, and this is where my experience with samsung was shot down, strangled, and ground into dust. it began with my first couple customer calls, i followed all of their data reset regulations and yet the issues were still going on. so, they stated i needed to send the phone in and have it looked at and fixed before they could do anything else (which was totally fine with me the first time). i asked them about a loaner phone while mine is repaired, and they stated that my carrier provides that and they do not. so, i called my carrier and they stated that samsung provides that and they do not. very frustrated with that i called back and was told samsung could not do anything, so i was stuck with a hand me down iphone, but it is just a temporary phone, right?...wrong! but ill get to that later. after waiting the 1.5 weeks to have my phone repaired and sent back i smiled as i opened the box and restored my phone, finally i could just get back to using it again. skip ahead 12 hours when the issue is still happening! so i message there online care center using there online chat and there service representative informs me that if it is not working again, they will most likely get me an exchange device. they tell me to call the executive care staff, but in order to get to them you must speak with their first level of customer service every single time! no matter what you tell them or who's name you drop they always need the whole story and waste 30 minutes of your day before informing you that they need to escalate you to their executive customer care department (no lie, this happened to me every time i called until i stated i refuse to talk to them). now, after that i spoke with a executive care assistant (eca). they informed me that the person who told me that i could get an exchange was wrong and that there needs to be multiple repairs on a device before it can be exchanged and that it needs to be sent in again! frustrated with the broken guarantee i asked to speak with a supervisor, the supervisor stated the same stuff that the eca said but did state she could get me expedited shipping (woohoo...). so again i packed my device and drove to a ups and dropped it off, dreadfully sliding my sim card back into that iphone. this time it only took 1.2 weeks (wow, what a difference) to get my phone back, and upon looking at the service receipt i noticed there was nothing marked as to what they performed, shrugging i thought maybe they just forgot. i restored my phone once more and yet again, it crashes not even 1 hour later. so a little peeved i call again (and go through the 30 minutes of the first representative :d) and after speaking with the eca she states that it looks like they did a software update (rightttttttt) and then sent it back. i inform her that it is still having these issues, she then informed me that it still does not qualify for an exchange because there was not anything repaired the last time i sent it. trying to control myself i ask her if there are any other options aside from sending it in again for weeks. she states sadly no and that she has no idea if i will ever be able to actually get an exchange or refund because it has to meet "repair criteria", again i angrily pack my phone up and ship it, waiting another 2 weeks to get my phone again because of the holidays. so i open the package when i get it back and don't even reset the piece of crap iphone because i knew that it was going to happen once more. i guess right!  the phone crashed again and again. so i call once more and this is were i just refuse to speak to the 1st level of help, sensing my frustration and probably looking back at my last couple notes they pass me along. finally i am offered the exchange i wanted from november 2017. mind you it is now the end of january! i give them all the information, give them all my receipts (which i luckily still had) and they stated they will email me with a shipping label and directions. so, i wait yet another week for them to contact me, puzzled i call them and they stated they have nothing in their system about an exchange. taking a nice cleansing breath i try to not explode on this poor representative who can surely tell that i am not happy. at this point i demand a refund, the representative tries to persuade me otherwise but at this point i would never want to deal with this ever again if i have an issue down the road. so, she states that she will start the refund process, around 1.5 hours later she states it has been submitted and i will receive info within 2-3 business days. so, giving them a break i wait the full 3 days, and guess what? still no emails or calls. i call again and i informed that they having nothing in their system about a refund, just information about an exchange. i laugh into the phone and say they must be joking, the eca stated she is very sorry but they have no record and we must restart the process once more. i swallow my anger, trying to be a sensible and caring man and begin this 2 hour process once more, and this eca gives me her direct line and email after the process is finished and states she will email me with updates to ensure that i get it done in a timely manner. so, i send my phone in once again! and this is in february at this point! waiting a couple of days and not hearing anything i just email her, asking for an update, no answer! i try again a day later, and no answer once again. i give her direct line a call 2 times in 1 day and leave a kind message just asking for an update. two days later i have yet to hear anything. so i call there eca department once more and i am told that it can take 7-14 business days or 7-21 regular days for a refund to be issued. i tell them it has been nearly 2 weeks since my 1st attempt and over 1 week since i sent the device in and they just tell me that it is pending and i need to wait. so, i wait another 4 days, still no updates from anyone, my package tracking has been at there warehouse for over a week now because i can see it on ups's website. i call very upset and speak to yet another eca, he stated that he is sorry, and was confused as to why they have had it a week and why it was still pending. he informs me that the process has yet to even start. at this point i am frustrated yet again and demand to speak to a supervisor, he tries to tell me they can't do anything special, but at this point i need to let someone know my frustrations with this whole process. so, he transfers me and upon someone picking up they just hang up on me. so, i call again and i am told by the 1st level that the eca told them that they have done all they can for me at this moment and that i need to wait (uh no, i am speaking to someone about this because at this point i deserve to be listened to), i wait on hold for over an hour to speak to the 1st level supervisor who literally picks up and tells me that she just needed to see what was wrong before she could transfer me. so, she transfers me and i wait another 45 minutes before speaking to the eca supervisor. he tells e he is sorry and that he would personally email the refunds/exchange department to have my refund "expedited" i ask him to let me speak to them because it has been over 2.5 weeks since my initial call and i am paying for a phone that i haven't been able to use for months now. he informs me that they do not take calls and they can only be contacted by eca through emails. frustrated i hold my tongue and ask him for his direct line and email, he gives it to me and tells me to call him for any questions or updates and that the refund'exchange dept should get back to him that day and he would let me know their response. nothing comes that day, or the next, or that week! so, i try to call that supervisor, no answer and i leave a message, no response 2 days later. i call yet again and jump through the hurdles and hoops, i am told that they are having issues with their computer system and that their accounting dept was closed the day before and that my refund is still pending (what?!?!) i laugh yet again (because at this point i am just so shocked at how horrible this service is) and i am informed that i need to call again in 24 hours to see where it is at. at this point i am on day 19 of the 21 days they guaranteed (although from all the false guarantees i have gotten from them, i doubt it will be on time). i inform the eca of this and she asks me to just be patient and "they are doing their best". i still have yet to get my money back, i am still paying for this phone which i literally have not been able to use since november. i have wasted hours of time speaking to this company and their service is so poor i can safely say that samsung will not be a brand in my life or my families life. i hope that someone from this company gets to see this and fixes the issues. i hope that someone considering buying this phone reads this and takes into account what will happen if an issue arises. a multi- billion dollar company should not be making a customer jump though hoop after hoop to resolve a mistake the company made. i just want to state that i normally am very understanding of mistakes and i have a great deal of patience for human error. but when a mistake happens over and over and when a promise is broken nearly every time there comes a point when your experience needs to be shared and the issue needs to be resolved. i also know that this is just a phone and that the world has way worse issues, but i am a working father who doesn't have the extra time or money to buy a new phone after the device given to me was defective. i hope this is helpful to people and thanks for listening to my rant!
no, it was returned due to not being compatible with phone service.
this unit can't be activated at usa.  per springs phone company.
the cell phone does not come only the box, it seems strange that i was not sent
dont like it... got bored of it after two days, system smoothness no match for an iphone. even worse than huawei phones. no more samsung until they fix the software... many apps doesnt take advantage of the display, and many apps just simply look for well optimized on ios devices... in the end, its a korean phone... who likes korea yo...
my first android was a oneplus one. then, a one plus two. i have zero complaints about these two phones.  the screen on my op2 cracked, so i decided to splurge and got myself this beauty. in retrospect, i should have just repaired my op2's screen. the s8 was an absolute (and expensive) disappointment.  it gives you gimmicky features such as the iris-scan, the heart-rate monitor, edge-lighting, which are honestly a bit useless, in my opinion. the curved screen, while a novelty, is incredibly pointless, and in fact creates glare at the edges which makes it very hard to see notifications when the phone is mounted in your car.  a lot of people are annoyed about the finger-print scanner's location. it's not ideal, but i've tolerated it and it seems to work okay for me.  android purists will not be happy with the fact that samsung tries to force their "google now" clone called "bixby" onto the user. it is a complete reinvention of the wheel and does not work nearly as well as "google now" does. they have even dedicated a button to this abomination and have made sure that it cannot be re-mapped to do anything else. a truly annoying restriction on the user who paid a lot of money to have a customizable phone - otherwise, i would have gotten an iphone, had i wanted to be locked into a certain way of doing things.  some very common widgets (such as google keep) simply don't display correctly on this phone. they display perfectly fine on other android phones, but not on this, possibly due to the aspect ratio.  the all-white theme that is forced upon the user is not only an eye-sore, it makes notifications indistinguishable from one another.  ultimately, the phone is nothing more than a status symbol and yes, it's pretty. the display and camera are nice, but that's not something lacking in most modern phones. please save your money and get something else.
product i received is defective continuously drops signal and is not registering to the network even though it is the international version and i am using in jamaica, the bluetooth doesn't work either.  the item was shipped to the us then brought to jamaica and now to send back the item i have to stand the charges which is stupid. reps provide contradicting information  i've always been a strong advocate and prime member for amazon but this experience changed everything.
crappy device. i bought it less than a month ago and the camera already stopped working. the thing is i bought the cell phone specifically with the purpose of photographing the birth of my first child. i am admitted to the maternity ward, delivery will be on friday, but i will not be able to use the device, which was sent to technical assistance. i've been an iphone user for many years and i've just migrated to samsung. i could not be more disappointed. my advice is: stick with apple products.
i purchased this phone on samsung.com on a discount. if you plan on having a screen protector then dont get this phone. due to the edges companies have a hard time making good screen protectors. the glass ones pop out or slide and move on the phone screen. the othere non glass ones have bubbles constanly have bubbles on it. if you want a good hardware waterproof, dust proof android phone then you are better off getting last years galaxy s7 of waiting until october for the google pixel 2, etc
devise is good but they charged me $200 extra for delivery.
they said it was internationally unlocked and it wasn't. i tried it in jamaica and the phone was locked.everything else about the phone is great.
okay. first one broke second day of use, right in the morning! first drop, concrete, shattered - and one small crack = dead phone. because the darn thing is needlessly entirely glass, and virtually no edges, any cracks splinter across the whole phone. cracks in the middle (mine was only on the right "infinity" edge area) cripple all touch sensors above the middle, so i could only dial numbers, not use the keypad even trying to get the phone fixed. the insurance company refuses to replace these; they found every excuse to prevent me getting a replacement for 10 days! i demanded sprint make it right, but, as nice as sprint support is, the insurance company they use is a bag of d's. rude! they even accused me in the end of phone insurance fraud. wtf!? so i left sprint for t-mobile on principal and paid the remaining $700 balance for the still dead phone.  second phone (first with tmobile) survived about a week and a half. it was about the second drop, just about 2 feet off the ground in a protective case! looking at it right now. i knew all phone carriers have the same insurance, so i've decided to just get a samsung j7; basically a note 4 without the stylus. since i'm looking at my note 4, which as slight scratches on the screen, and some metal ripped off the side from drops, it still works perfectly, i'm glad to have a cheaper phone i don't mind so much  breaking, and will eventually file a claim with tmobile, once i can stomach the concept of dealing with that insurance company again.  i love samsung, but i hate this phone! it's only brought me misery, and $1400 dollars down the toilet.  also, side note, no current phone repair places can fix this, because of the "inifinity" screen junk,
over priced phone not worth have price, nathing special battery sucks compared to huawei mate 9, colors not real, camera average.
this is the worst phone i've ever had.  i had a screen protector and case on it and the screen shattered really bad when i dropped it.  i dropped my s5 all the time and it was always fine.  this breaks ridiculously easy.  the screen being so big and on the sides makes stuff open all the time that you don't want to open.  i'm getting rid of it and getting a cheap phone.  huge waste of money.
before you buy this phone, read reviews on the durability of the screen. there is no question whether or not you will break your screen. it will break. my screen broke after 2 weeks with both a screen protector and case on the phone. the s8 has the most fragile screen of any smartphone ever. don't believe me? google it. do not purchase this phone. samsung tried to make up for their last failure and just made something equally terrible. there is no way that this screen is made of gorilla glass. my lg screen never broke, and i dropped it off of a 10 foot ladder onto concrete. samsung is a joke. stay away.
that's not real international un lock phone
the battery is really very poor. at minutes to 8 the battery was at 100% now 10.49 its at 34%. that's why i prefer to have a battery that can be replaced rather than one that is embedded in the phone.  i am really disappinted.  at work now and phone is dead.
the s8 is a super phone! but like all things in life, it isn't perfect. it is fragile and a finger print magnet... but if you have been using other galaxy phones then this is no surprise to you. my biggest beef is with bixby!, i'm very disappointed that bixby is only half baked. shame on samsung for not having it ready by release and also for not letting you re-map the bixby button to something else.. the battery is o.k. but not great and for the money  i think the phone should have 6gs of ram. screen resolution automatically being set to the lower resolution tells me that samsung might still be a little gun shy because of what happened to the note 7. all in all i really like this phone but if you haven't got it yet you might want to wait to see what bixby is really like, that is if that sort of thing is important to you. **6/2/17 ** i had to come back to this and drop a star fro this review because as of today samsung still is not able to get bixby up and running in the u.s. i mean what good is a voice assistant device with no voice!!! they originally said it would be up and working in the spring and now they are delaying it again. this makes this phone a great beta device but definitely not ready for prime time!! it's like a great looking sports car that can t go past 70 miles per hour!! really!!!  and they dedicated a button to something that they can't get to work!! i' starting to regret that i purchased this thing.
i want for metro pcs?
samsung  s-u-c-k-s so bad why!!!! one reason one they start  with there announcement  they start to say the release date is not going to work  properly  that why the previews  one we decided festive by charging  it to much they off on fire or may because they just want you money i rather get a sony cellphone  much  better  they tested before  they about  to announce  it on tv and say what store are they are going  to  be sold at...
i thought i was buying a dual-sim version - i got a single-sim instead
buyer beware! worst phone ever!
any one want to buy samsung s8 or s8 plus should wait for the u.s. version with qualcomm 835 release which is may 31. qualcomm 835&adreno 540 are much better than exynos 8890/8895&mali-71. especially when you use cellphone to play 3d games. many games do not support mail gpu, like you use amd graphics to play large 3d games it will has a lot of problems such as reboot, not support anti-aliasing, cannot open in-game special effect. exynos is 14nm=8890, 10nm=8895 & 2.3+1.7ghz but qualcomm is 10nm & 2.35+1.9ghz, able to run at a higher frequency for more stable time. and the most important thing,the international version exynos 8890 or 8895 only support gsm unlock, but us version qualcomm 835 unlock the entire network cdma and gsm, meaning that you can use this phone at any network company in the world.
pretty much unusable holding it without a case. it operates well but these edge phones require a case. case makers love the edge phones...
what a gimmick for an upgrade.
i got a galaxy s8plus and iphone 7s .... i do traveling and the samsung s8+ disconnect must of the time .... y you use your smart phone as a gps samsung s8+ or any is not what you need  thanks
i preordered this phone, not knowing that it was an edge phone, since previous models of galaxies had the normal phones and edge phones separated. i was disappointed to see it was an edge phone since they're more susceptible to break, but i figured it was fine, and i got a case.  one week after my phone arrived, it slipped from my lab, falling two feet to the stone floor, shattering my screen. never in the past eight years have i ever cracked a screen, and i cracked the s8 within a week.  don't believe me? look up stress tests for the s8, and you'll see it performs worse compared to previous phones.  pros: 1. nice camera 2. great battery life 3. tons of storage space  cons: 1. breaks far too easily 2. fingerprint scanner not located in a convenient location, and it usually takes ~10 tries to get the phone to even recognize my fingerprint. 3. the virtual home buttons disappear in some apps, making it annoying to try to close the app quickly. 4. there is an extra button added to this phone below the volume buttons for something called "bixby" which advertises itself as being some sort of virtual planner, providing the option to do an amazon search for something using image recognition. it's a cool concept, but i'm always pressing the button when i don't want to see it, and the image search feature is just a commercialized use of computer vision.
the phon was supposed to be factory unlocked and it isnt...i am extremely disappointed...i paid considerable money for the product and i didn't get what i asked for.
i hate this phone!!!!! it takes 20 hours to charge via usb-c on computer or car, it will only charge fast if connected to a wall, and takes 2 hours to charge. it also loses battery like crazy, after 15 min i'm down 5% doing nothing and only loaded 3 apps.
bugs, bugs, bugs... from the pulldown notification menu not pulling down properly, to the extreme lack of screen touch sensitivity, im really wishing id have waited for the new iphone. very overpriced, very substandard...  still disappointed. i've had the phone a month and i've decided i am never buying another samsung product again.  just got the update, no difference in user experience. we pay too much money for these things to keep getting crap. for what it's worth the iphone will be incredibly overpriced as well. we need a more relevant third option.
this phone could not be activated by sprint.
i bought this phone on cyber monday to replace my motorola moto x 1st gen. i was hoping to get an iphone 8, but there were no deals on it, so i got this samsung galaxy s8. at first i was very excited to have it, but now i hate it. the fingerprint scanner is oddly placed, it is not easy for me to use, it is slower than an iphone x or iphone 8, and i just discovered that it uses the same camera as last years s7, and it is very fragile, i have had the phone for less than 3 months and there is already a crack in it. worst phone i have ever had and i wish i had bought an iphone 8 or x.
warning, this phone has no us warranty and if you want to repair it abroad,  you won't be able to do it either as spare parts for repairing are only  found on the us!!! (what a joke!!!) i write this review to protect you the customer which suppousedly is amazon north star (the most customer centric company on earth, remember?). other sellers on amazon, state on the item description (very upfront) that no us warranty is provided. this seller buries that information on the bottom of the publication! after contacting amazon customer rep several times and having them promising that they will issue a refund and submit an az claim to seller, they decided  not to honour their statement  and leave me with a broken phone for a misleading publication for a seller which obviously is not customer centric.  man i love amazon but i have no choice than drop my prime membership.  i want to be very clear that if you buy this phone and for some reason stops working you are out of luck.  hope amazon push these sellers to detail important facts about the purchase at the top of the publication
you will pay 250 to fix your screen and it breaks very easily. it also scratches a lot easier than any of my previous phones. i haven't noticed any performance improvements when compared to my old iphone 6. this thing is slow. i regret purchasing this phone.
i dont like because. is not working good
samsung phone support is terrible.  i own many samsung products.  two televisions, a sound bar for each one, a computer monitor and three s8 phones for my family and i.  i have never had to call for support for any samsung products until recently when i reset one of the phones tripping the factory reset protection (frp-google lockout).  i was then locked out of my phone and my nightmare began.  i opened a trouble ticket with samsung support and followed their instructions for verifying ownership of the phone.  they failed to follow-up with me and when i called back to check the ticket status, i was told the ticket was created incorrectly so they had to close and re-open a new ticket.  they asked me to wait another 24 to 48 hours for resolution.  the time elapsed and again they failed to follow-up with me.  i called back and was told they needed another 24 hours.  once again no follow-up.  i called back and was told the ticket was closed because the receipt i had emailed them did not contain enough information for verification of ownership.  i now have a third ticket opened, have sent them 3 emails containing information they requested and still cannot use my phone.  i can only say i have enjoyed the samsung products i have purchased until this recent experience, but in the future i will consider the quality of support when buying my electronics.
this nice phone. but way to much to pay for
the bixby button is garbage
some good features and some bad features.  speaker phone is a decent volume.  love the size of the screen.  can't use speakerphone with a few people... my phone does not sound good when calling other samsung s8 phones or some other brands too.  some friends can hear me, some cannot.  and i mean they really can't hear a thing and get annoyed with me since i refuse to put the phone to my ear for safety reasons.  super annoying when watching to youtube because the edge feature is too sensitive and all phone covers are designed to not cover up the edges.  the youtube program changes if you fingers get within 1/16th of an inch of the edge of the screen.  how do you hold the phone and not get anywhere near the edge?  you don't actually have to touch the screen to change youtube programs.  then there is no back button to get back to youtube i was just watching.  other phones have a back button. screen is way too sensitive.  even setting phone face down on electrical wires will change youtube program.  putting phone in pocket while youtube is playing changes the youtube channel 100% of the time no matter how careful i am to not touch the screen.  i do not watch youtube in full screen... usually searching for next video while one is playing.  another super totally annoying feature is screenshots.  you have to hold down the volume down button and the power button at the same time..90% of the time the volume just changes and no screenshot.... or screenshot with volume bar showing.  extremely hard to get a clean screenshot.
the phone isn't working. it freeze and shut down by it's self
no original
used phone
do not buy this phone if you have verizon or sprint phone was fine but took them more than 2 weeks to give me a refund very inconvenient
the phone is amazing, but when it stopped working, it become impossible to get the customer support to fix it. the phone stopped charging after charging in 6 months and still does not respond to any new cable types. it is still on the warranty, but despite the fact that the product is registered samsung is still not responding and the seller is silent! sounds like a money waste for this price!!!
i received a fake, replica, non functional what-so-ever phone on jan 23, 2018. will be aggressively pursuing a refund.
headphones broke in a week. edge screen makes it impossible to hold and actually use, and most of all touchwiz though better and prettier than before still destroys the android experience with some time of use, making this very capable piece of hardware slow and clunky. the camera is good but shows photos ridiculously saturated. they obviously cared very little about having realistic color and instead try to go the bright, flashy route. not to mention any time i open the camera it lags because the phone can't even handle to process it's own camera. let alone record in 4k with it without the video having skips in it... i'm afraid people who like samsung phones haven't used anything better.
i was excited about a great deal on the s8. when i had received it everything looked good until i put in my sim card.  i realized that when i took the sim card out it said that i had full bars of signal but when i put it back in it had no signal.  i realized that it was a display phone from a store. then i lost money on the refund.  make sure to check for "verified reviews"
poor design. back is made of glass and is super slick i dropped before i had a case and cracked the glass, why have a glass back? that's dumb. the edge idea is cool but it has draw backs, screen protectors don't work good on them and case don't protect edge, so screen is more susceptible to damage. i had an s4 that lasted 3 years, but this s8 already needs replacing. so if your hard on phones get something else.
beware this could be a model that has the wrong firmware on it. it may not be possible to swap the firmware. it'll have the languages on it, etc. such that it is usable however, there could be things on your calendar that can not be removed, other aspects of the phone could change depending on the firmware installed. the alerts(test, amber, etc.) cannot be turned off with this foreign firmware. even if they say they're turned off, they will come through whenever they're sent, think about it.this is my issue with the phone for the software, i come from having a note 3 and a note 5, i am basically spoiled by the notes, the screen is better in that i don't have to worry about a beveled screen. that aspect of the screen does alter how what you're looking at appears there. i do a lot of reading, its annoying to have the screen like that.
the selfie camera hardly ever worked, it would never stay in focus for more than a second so it would take forever to get a good looking picture, and it was not as water resistant as they say it is, i want to the beach and the phone was under water " less than 2 feet" for less than a minute and but the time it was out if the water it wouldn't turn on
i have problems of connectivity with this phone. i use it for my work ,  i am very dissatisfied with the performance of it
