advertised as unlocked but came as a locked verizon phone. returned it.  negative 3 stars for hassle.
it might be just my experience but a) this phone is branded to verizon and b) after updating the os to android 7.1.1 - as suggested - gsm is no longer supported and can't make or receive phone calls with t-mobile sim card. the sim card works fine in my old phone. neither t-mobile support nor motorola support could fix the phone. i had to send the phone back. looked like a nice phone.
worked great until i was pushed an android 7 update.  totally trashed the phone.  can no longer get mms consistently.  works for a few ... then its doa for a few hours.  verizon pre-paid.  tried a complete factory rest hoping to go back to android 6 ... no go.  tried it from the boot loader,  phone is now locked in 7 hell. totally sucks.  worked flawlessly until update.  i would suggest opening developer options and blocking auto updates and avoid the 7 update if you can.  phone shopping now.  guess its time for an e4
after 3 months, this cell phone died!!!!! in the first mont some buttons started to stop working...and now it does not work at all!!!! don't buy this model or brand. worst cell phone ever!!!!!!
the product dont have a warranty from us
it is so so mobile, will not buy again
pretty basic for an android phone.  not many features.
good phone but doesn't have a restart option and no option for personal ringtone.
purchased this cellphone and i recieved a moto g 4 play.  why??? i wanted a moto g 4!
i would give another 2 stars if this international version came with turbopower charger. the charger provided was like a dummy charger. it charges this big-screen forever.
screen size is nice and the feel when using this phone. one thing i dont like is when i use the camera, randomly after like 2 shots, the shutter key went missing and even pressing the volume rocker doesnt take pictures. i have to press the home botton and reopen the camera app. maybe a firmware bug but hopefully they fix it. i love the front camera tho. im not impressed with the rear camera and the preset effects. panorama shot is not good in my opinion. battery life is impressive, i use t-mobile on this phone and sometimes i can't get coverage. this is compatibe using fast cable charging - im using anker for this. sound quality is okay. speakerphone in calls (network calls, messenger, etc) are also good. data network is fast, too.
recently purchased this item. i bought one for my wife and she likes it a lot and i needed and upgrade too so i went for it also. the one i ordered i think is a defective product... in the first week, it was acting strange, opening a lot a pages all on its own in the browser and in google play. also, i am unable to send normal sms text messages on the stock text message app that is already installed on the phone. i called my carrier (at&t) and did some trouble shooting, but my efforts have been unsuccessful. i do think though that i solved or got rid of the virus or whatever was going on with it, because i'm not having those erratic issues going on anymore. i do think it is a good product, but i think i received a defective device. has anyone else experienced problems with texting? it's not sending, but receiving. i did find out last night though that i can send messages but i need to switch to mms, and the messages are extremely limited. to like less than a sentence. i write more than one sentence usually.
nice phone, but unfortunately for me the price dropped like 30 bucks 2 weeks after i received it and now the g5 cost only a few bucks more of what i paid of this one, and this is the first handset i've purchased so not the best experience for me, the next time i'll do a better research of when a newer model will be released.
i owned the moto g4 about three months and paid $200.00 for it and was generally pretty happy with it...i was planning on being repeat customer because it was a good phone on the cheap. well, about a day ago, my screen started going haywire -- it's washed out, has a ghosting effect, and has been a pain to use because i can't see text clearly. it's bad. i went online, on youtube, trying to figure out a fix it to no avail. i won't be returning to motorola as a future customer, or android.
this dual-sim phone is very convenient when you must receive calls from two different sim cards. plus it works in all foreign countries. for about six months it worked fine. then i started to get a screen with the title "new system software available" and then a long text in spanish language. i do not understand spanish language (i know only two languages, and spanish is not one of them), therefore i cannot do what this screen suggests. but it keeps popping up every time when i use my phone, which is very annoying. so today i went to motorola help webpage and chatted with three tech support specialists (the first one did not have the answer, so i was switched to the second, who did not speak english, and only the third one was able to "answer" my question. this is exactly what he answered: ---------- carlos: you have purchased the device from cayman island? dmitri t.: i purchased this device in maryland, the united states, from an internet store amazon.com. carlos: i can see that the warranty of the device i not in the us, i would advised you to contact amazon regarding with this because we are us support here and we don't support dual sim phones. dmitri t.: that is very interesting. the dual-sim phone is made by motorola and you (motorola) do not support a product made by your company? this information will be posted to many blogs. carlos: we support those, however we are us support, we don't support dual sim phones, the reason why i'm advising you to contact amazon is because the warranty of the device is not in the us. motorola us doesnt support dual sim, we don't offer dual sim in the us.
works well but i am concerned by frequent freeze. need more time to assess (assessment update on march 27 2017): one month after above statement i was forced to return the defective item that kept freezing and acting erratically, even sending non-sense messages to my contacts. i think this one was a factory defective item, not necessarily representative of the product
i thought i would try a bigger phone so bought this one. i was using moto g first generation earlier.the phone is way too big for me and its heavy as well. it feels like a mini tablet. also, the bluetooth has some issues. it did not allow access to phone media once you disconnect bluetooth. so i  was not able to get calls on my car bluetooth system, this feature was very important for me as i talk while driving. you have to reset the phone every time and then it works. i am a moto fan but did not like this model and will look for better option.
i bought this one to upgrade my old moto g 1st gen (awesome phone from google) but this came doa, screen stay in black. thanks to lenovo bad quality assurance on their products. its like a lottery.
it is the wrong build number, otherwise seemed like a decent phone
many features are missing including, blocking a caller, how to transfer certain information from an app to memory card etc
buy and iphone
this was my favorite phone that i'd ever owned. but it only lasted about 7 months. now it has a glitch where it constantly reboots and can never actually start. guess i learned my motorola lesson.
bought this phone, haven't been able to use it on metro pcs altough its supposed to be unlocked doesn't seems to work with my sim
worked great until i was pushed an android 7 update.  totally trashed the phone.  can no longer get mms consistently.  works for a few ... then its doa for a few hours.  verizon pre-paid.  tried a complete factory rest hoping to go back to android 6 ... no go.  tried it from the boot loader,  phone is now locked in 7 hell. totally sucks.  worked flawlessly until update.  i would suggest opening developer options and blocking auto updates and avoid the 7 update if you can.  phone shopping now.  guess its time for an e4
my family has had 3 of the moto g4 phones in the past year. all have had ghost touch issues to some degree. after switching to just the turbo charger, the frequency was greatly reduced on both my phone and my wife's phone. however, recently, the frequency has reappeared on my phone, and requires many reboots every day now. i have just changed some adaptive brightness and battery optimization settings per some recommendations from other forums. while the phone from amazon was at an attractive price point, i would not recommend the moto g. the ability to read sd cards failed on all three phones after just a few months, and the ghost touch issue can be extremely frustrating. march 2018
data is ok but frequently call drops are there.
this phone is inexpensive yes, has latest google software yes. that's about all that's good about this phone .minimal thinking & planning went into the design & support of this phone. the design team for this near dysfunctional  phone ,designed a  cell phone case & then purchased  software & firmware from google , threw all the pieces together in a pot stirred up the individual pieces & then threw the pieces into the moto g4 frame. if you have never owned a android do not purchase this phone. their is near to non existent support for this phone from moto. the online moto manual is near useless. your on your own with trying to use this phone. before this phone i had a 2012 pantech that was much more user friendly . this thing is so primitive the phone doesn't notify you when you receive a incoming text or email. & the unfriendly features go on & on.
has a few sporadic problems, overallpretty good.
phone has a ghost issue, does what it wants on its own and one can not power off  called suppord,usa and they informed me that i would have to contact cayman islands support, where is that?  returning phone to avoid a further headache.  reading review and googling phone g4, this is a known issue.
love the phone, but the fact that the micro usb does not want to connect makes live miserable.  the problem has continued and the phone is now dead and i am changing the rating.  it should have lasted longer.
may 2017 my husband purchased me a custom g4 from directly from motorola. i adore my phone. pros: i have dropped the phone several times and has held up with no cracks or scratches to screen or shell. it has a thick screen and is very light weight. it comes with fast charge cable which makes it  easy to charge. the battery life is amazing it holds a charge well in fact it was at 1% for two hours.  con: it has a weird glich for what ever reason it will spasm and start random texting the letter o to everything and pulling up apps i have not touched making calls i have not intended to make. it is irritating but generally if i hit the power button once it chills the problem. it must be a manufacturer problem because i have seen several reviews with the same issue.  over all great phone is you can handle the spasm.
product is  fine, bad and misleading description, i purchased an international version, i believe should have the international charger, i sent to my brother in portugal, he said bc was not able to use the charger
we were very disappointed in what amazon called an unlocked phone.  we purchased this only to find out later that it only would work from t-mobile towers.  we are not in an extremely remote area.  while we were able to make phone calls, we were not able to use any data.  this was my son's christmas present and it was basically a complete waste of $160.  fraud
worked for a bit, and after several months things started to go downhill. here are some problems i'm having with this phone: - the phone randomly turns off or switches to other apps during normal course of using the phone. this is extremely disruptive, especially when i am in a hurry (like having to type something quick, but have to wait for like 2 minutes before i can actually do anything) - horrible internet connection. it has been a long time since i can make a video call for more than 5 minutes without getting dropped. i sit right next to my router and all that wifi stuff, and never had this issue on any of my other devices.
worked great for the first 6 months. then it started to turn off when i was running more than one app, it wouldn't do everything time just randomly. but then over time, it became more and more frequent, normally when the battery was under 50%, and now after a year and half of owning it won't turn on at all. i have to admit i am not the most careful smartphone owner and have dropped my phone couple of times before (there haven't been any physical signs of damage). my brother however, also got a moto g4 at the same time as me and has been very happy with his phone. maybe i got a faulty one, or maybe i wasn't careful enough with my phone...? i don't know, but i'm not happy that my phone didn't last at least two years.
it broke in my pocket. i am running without screen protector now. not worth.
all 11 years i've owned a cellphone, i have considered myself lucky. all the errors that users of a particular phone i've owned  have reported, i've managed to avoid. that is until i pre-ordered the moto g4.  the first few months of owning the g4 were perfect. it was much faster than my former motorola razr maxx hd, and the screen was beautiful. a few months in, the phone started to have issues with ghost touching. the random dialing was a major issue. the ghost touching also affected the lockscreen to my annoyance, as it kept pressing one of dots on the pattern over and over and wouldn't let up until i put my phone to sleep. the phone also would randomly die if i called someone, watched a video, or used the gps. if i turned the phone back on, i would find that the battery had drained down to 1%.  the support at lenovo was horrendous. there were several posts at the forums from users with the same issues that i've had, and the support techs seem to only answer with, "all phone models deal with random shut downs." i had the option to send the phone in for repair/replacement, but i had dealt with this phone for over a year and i desperately needed a phone to work correctly. i bit the bullet and bought a much pricier phone that has worked much better  than the g4 ever did. it's really such a shame as i've had two motorola phones in the past, and i've never encountered such terrible issues that makes a phone practically useless.
i bought this about a year ago when my samsung note 3 started dying. well, the time finally came and i am looking for a new phone again. this phone drops connection to pretty much everything it can on a random and regular basis. lte network, wifi networks, bluetooth devices... you name it and this phone will drop connection to it for no explainable reason. i've had iphones and i've had samsungs but i'll never buy a motorola again.
ordered this to replace a (presumably) dead phone. apparently they have a common flaw where they overheat after a few minutes of heavy use. mine gets hot just sitting on the desk, not doing anything. the area behind the power button gets so warm i can't hold the phone comfortably. i fear what heavy use will do- i might be able to cook something with the radiant heat.
i didn't realize that "international version" meant updates would all be in spanish, despite selecting english as the language during startup.
out of all the phones i've owned this one is by far the worst
worst phone i've ever bought..i guess you get what you pay for. ads pop up in the middle of trying to email or text...and that's the least of it.
i purchased two of these for my kids because i felt that motorola was a reputable company.  i was sure wrong.  one of the phones had erratic screen behavior.  i called the motorola customer service.  after a few minutes explaining my problem, the service rep declared that i would have my phone replaced.  i was in awe, thinking that motorola was all i expected it to be.  unfortunately, that was not to be; after checking my device identification, the rep told me that my phone was out of warranty.  i was astonished.  i provided proof of purchase showing that my phone was purchased 6 months ago.  in due course, i spoke with 3 motorola representatives, who all followed the exact same script, telling me that my phone was purchased from a 3rd party retailer on amazon so they could not honor the warranty.  they told me that my phone was an international version, sold in the country of kentucky, not in the united states.  i explained that kentucky is a state in the united states, but to no avail.  at long last, my only recourse is to let all of you know that motorola is bad and does not stand behind their products.  a manufacturer warranty should be honored by the manufacturer, regardless of who the seller is.
i gave it 3 starts cause my phone has a defect the sd card slot keeps telling me that my sd cards are corrupt change 2 cards and same problem but its a great device  love it but due to the problem 3 stars purchased on september 12
the fever is serious and is not suitable for uber driver.
for the first two week this phone worked good. then the ghost things happened. it has multiple software problems. the touch does not work good after the first two weeks of usage.
good cell phone to meet the basic needs of a non-demanding user
update:  since my initial review, the phone started experiencing ghost touch or flickering issues.  even just trying to unlock the phone or shut it down became a chore sometimes.  other reviewers have reported the same thing.  there are youtube videos that claim to help you fix this.  i looked at those and tried several ways to fix it, all to no avail.  i read that if you adjust the adaptive brightness controls, that should fix it.  no.  finally, i read online that one way you can fix this issue is to switch this to developer mode and select the developer option that tells the gpu to manage the screen composition.  it was also suggested that you download the eye filter app from the play store and set the black colors to 4% opacity.  none of this worked for the long haul.  the only thing that seems to work so far is to turn down the screen brightness all the way.  you can still see it indoors or in dark settings, though bright sunlight may be a challenge.  so far i've had no issues when the screen brightness is turned way down.  the only caveat is that you may not want to continually use the phone at minimum brightness.  even turning up the level to midway will set off the flickering again.  in the. meantime, i've noticed some orange-yellowish tint on the upper right hand side of the screen - possible burn-in issue.  i also can't get the sd card reader to work correctly.  in more ways than one, this budget phone is showing why it's a budget phone.  this was a four-star review. sadly i have to cut it down to 3.  i bought the moto g4 at best buy in the spring of 2017.  i usually do a lot of research before buying an electronic device, but i had to make an unusually quick decision given that my previous phone, the moto x (2nd edition/2014) experienced a faulty charging port.  i did not have time to send it back to motorola and besides, it was out of warranty since i had owned it for nearly a year and a half when the charging port failed.  note to self, "be extra careful each time you plug in to charge; not that this is guaranteed to prevent port failure).  i was a bit weary about buying another moto phone, as i was afraid a similar problem may occur with subsequent moto devices.  however, for the price i paid (about $135; or $165 when i added in a 2 year protection/replacement plan at best buy), i rolled the dice on the moto g4.  i did not realize there was a plus version with a better camera and a fingerprint sensor when i bought the g4 - and when i purchased it, it was at the same time that the moto g5 plus came out.  having already purchased the moto g4, it made no sense to return it and to get a different phone until i gave it a real college try.  with the little bit of research i was able to do, i reasoned that the moto g4 might be okay.  i did not love that it came with only 16 gb of storage, but unlike my moto x (2nd gen), the moto g4 came with a micro sd card slot for expandable memory. except for the fact that the phone did not have that nice distinctive curved back like my previous one, i liked that it was just as thin and almost as light in the hand.  i liked the slightly taller 5.5 inch profile, which wasn't any harder to operate than the previous 5.2 incher.  due to the slightly larger dimensions, i lost about 23 pixels per inch on the resolution and i was disappointed that i had to give up the nice amoled screen for the ips display.  that said, this moto g4 has almost as nice a display as the moto x, especially when you turn on vibrant colors.  i miss the moto voice feature that i had with the moto x.  i loved being able to just talk to the phone without having to pick it up.  while you can use google voice to perform many of the same functions, it only works if you have the phone turned on.  if it is in the off position, it won't work.  i do like that you can still twist to turn on the camera and do the chop chop action to turn on the led light.  also, you have a bigger battery with the moto g4 (3,000 mah vs. just 2300).  the phone provides an almost stock android experience.  it came with android marshmallow and i upgraded to nougat.  i'm not sure if it will get oreo, but if it does, it will be a while. for a while, i noticed some of the ghost touching issues others have reported.  but i recently installed some updates and that seems to have fixed the issue.  we'll see if that lasts.  the processing speed seems good and again, with the update, things seem really quick and buttery smooth, especially over wifi.  i'm on t-mobile and if i go over my 4g lte high speed data limit, i do notice the throttled speeds when online.  you definitely want to get some kind of case for this, because it does scratch easily, especially along the sides.  it picks up dents and dings easily if dropped. however, i've dropped this thing a few times (and some were big drops without a case) and the screen took it like a champ.  the camera is so-so.  nothing to write home about, but it does have some manual mode controls that allow you to maximize your image quality.  low light conditions are a struggle, though.  for your average photo to share online, via text, or email, it is more than sufficient.  so long as you know that you are buying a budget device and that you are not getting top of the line specs, you should be pleased with this phone.  this is my sixth smart phone - and i've had the iphone as well as samsungs - and i don't think i've found a perfect device yet.  i also don't see the point to ever spend more than about $300 for a phone - and if you can spend less for something just as good at the $300 price point or higher, even better.  i was a bit wary about buying another moto after what happened to my moto x, but for the price, i've owned this phone for going on 8 months now and so far i'm reasonably satisfied.  it does what it needs to do.  it takes ok pictures, is quite speedy, the volume and call reception is good (in fact, t-mobile seems to have improved its reception in my area in just the past few months), has a nice screen that isn't hard to look at, and the battery has generally gotten me through at least a full day, sometimes into the next day.  i could have returned this, spent more, and got a higher end phone, but you never know what trade-offs you will end up having to settle for.
i bought this phone a month ago and now i am experience the shaking on this device and texting on its own.... cant understand why amazon dont deal with those sellers that sell  defective device i  do not understand customers paid money for this and the end result does not look good at all .........not satisfied
we are two senors trying to  learn how to use it, it's taking some time. we'll let you know.
i have contacted motorola with the issue i am having with my phone.  if the phone is used alot it gets hot easily and the screen will start shaking and sometimes the phone will start texting an o or any other alphabetic character.  very upsetting.  sometimes i can't get the phone to unlock and since you can't take the battery out you hold the off button until the phone shuts off.  sometimes this happens multiple times a day.
i had usage from this phone for 4 weeks after that it shut down completely, unable to make or receives calls etc. it is quite disturbing to know i took my  my money to purchased this phone. i have made a complaint and no one has responded to my email. horrible customer service.
i just replaced this phone and had it for a year. i think it is a "fake phone."  it has numerous software problems. it looks good though; your friends will know that you are in the smartphone world.  the real problem is the software was faulty from start to finish despite numerous updates and upgrades. it would randomly come on and start "butt-dialing" the person you knew the least of anyone in your address book.  i talked to former acquaintances that i had avoided for years - on purpose- but my moto g4 didn't care.  seriously.  this is a junky phone. buy a samsung, or if you have a good job ,get an iphone, or go back to the crack phone if this is your only choice.
i've used the phone for less than two week and its alreavy having problems. "burnt" screen. would never buy this model again
