a good phone for the near hundred dollar price point.  i received one that was a verizon version according to the firmware, but it was unlocked and still works fine for at&t towers via tracfone.  gps works fine with this one, but leaving it on all the time will drain your battery faster.  1a included charger is slow, but will charge faster with a 2a car charger etc.  standby lasts for several days if you only make a couple calls a day.  this is my second one because i broke the screen on the first after about a year and couldn't be without one for the week waiting for the new screen.  this time i bought a better screen protector, so maybe it will last more than a year this time. no bells and whistles but still a good phone if you're not in need of the latest and greatest.
i will say this first, i do not have high expectations from phones as i do with other electronics eg. my computers. i use it for calling, texting, and such and sometimes for light games. all i will say is that it is a fast and reliable for light use that i got when the price was like $104 so i am so happy i bought it then. my alcatel pixi unite sucked and hardly lasted a year with considerably light usage.  the glass is hard to get fingerprints on, by the way, and it's is a sturdy construction (if you drop your phone, the case will stay on because it has clips all around the interior of the back panel). for those looking to use this phone with tracfone like me, please remember that this is a gsm unlocked, not cmda. do not try to switch the sim from your old phone to your new phone because tracfone deals out service according to the... imei, or serial number, something like that. they have to manually switch service from your old phone to the new phone using a new sim from the byop pack ($10ish at walmart), it will take half an hour to an hour for all the verification to complete so make sure you have time. if you give tracfone the verizon sim # in the byop pack (should be the last one in the red), they will tell you the phone is not compatible (especially if that person is talking to you late at night and really wants to go home, and will give you no further explanation or help other than "the phone is not compatible"). notify them immediately that your phone is gms unlocked and they will help your from there, you have to use the att or t-mobile sim in the byop pack (i literally had to call the next day when they opened back up since they closed before i could call again, and i made sure to tell the man everything i could about the phone to avoid further... unnecessary setbacks).  also, when i got the phone, it stated in the settings that it's service is verizon. do not let that fool you, verizon is a cmda carrier so it is a misnomer. if neither att or t-mobile work with the phone (try the other if one won't work to be certain), consider that the phone might not be unlocked due to whatever occurrence and return it for another to see if a replacement will work (make sure you keep all the packaging until you verify that the phone service works).
the moto g 4 i received was thankfully exactly what i ordered. it came new and in the condition advertised. it works really well and was surprisingly uncluttered by unnecessary apps. my only concern was that there was no english in the manual period, but that can be easily overlooked i guess. in all, a great phone at a great price!
smooth, practical and delivered as promised by seller. recommend to fellow online shoppers...thank you...
i bought this phone for travelling overseas, and so far it has worked perfectly
this is a good phone, really nice graphics, and it works fine with a ukrainian cell phone plan.
i bought this phone for use while traveling out of the country.  it's a good value.  it has a good screen. i like the larger screen especially when i don't have my laptop or ipad with me on trips.  i normally use an iphone, so there was a learning curve to learn how to navigate all the android options on this phone.  my main complaint about this phone is the camera is slow to focus and the picture quality is not great.  that's a real bummer since it's the phone i want to take on vacation trips when i want to take lots of photos.  a secondary complaint is that it takes longer than expected to recharge.  it has a large battery which explains part of the reason it is slow to charge.  i haven't tried another charger yet that might deliver more current to it and speed up the process.
i bought this phone based on deep analysis of several motorola's models. this is the xt1621 codename athene. it has only 2g ram but for android this is not a problem. the storage is 16g but because the phone is expandable, i installed 64g microsd. starting on android version 6, the additional microsd be formatted as internal storage. it supports most of the carriers in america and the difference from model g5 is minimal. it's a great smart phone that cost me around $165 plus $40 for the additional storage.  from now on i will never pay more then $300 in a smartphone.
stable and very fast equip
great phone
nice phone!
love this phone and it's features.
very good phone, general purpose and much more, great screen.
i love it
ok
great, everything was as i expected!
thank you for your service, excellent product
as usual great phone from motorola for a good price.
good! fast delivery!!
great phone! it replaced my moto g 2nd generation and so far is working perfectly in argentina.
ok
excelente!
excelente
excellent seller!! great product! thx so much.
all very good
really nice, unexpensive phone! if you are in venezuela as i am i hardly recommend you to buy the dual sim version that works for all of our carriers and you will avoid the problem with the gps on 3g cuz you will have lte with digitel.
it's a great phone at a great price. 16 gb internal memory, dual sim, full hd 1080p, 5.5" screen, 4g, 3000 mah battery, 13 mp camera, comes with android 6.0 and i updated to android 7.0  it has all the necessities. the camera is ok, it doesn't have nfc, no finger print scanner.  charging this phone is a pain. it takes forever to charge. i have noticed that it takes around 3-4 hours even if the battery was close to 50%. also, the charger that comes with it, is not a usb cable, it can only be used as wall mount.
excellent phone
great phone.  like everything about it!
good
great unlocked 4g phone for price of usd178. bright and sharp screen. relatively light and thin for a 5.5" screen sized phone. little lag when using.
good product
thanks
love it
excellent
excellent phone all around, great bat life
so far this phone has surpassed my expectations. great value for the money.
camera quality is good, i like this item, great buy for the money
well designed device, responds in every way to my expectations. battery has excellent duration. i haven't stressed it to see how far it will go, but it's much, much better than my previous phone, an alcatel one touch pop c7.
migrated everything from previous phone (moto g3) in less than an hour. the phone automatically recognized my carrier (movistar panam) and it was ready to use. 4g works flawlessly, the phone is hella faster than the g3.
muy bueno, de diez
so far so good. i use it with my google fi for international travel, and at&t for unlimited data in states. get 3g on fi, and lte for at&t. battery life last whole day on regular use.
great phone. seller ok.
excelent
an impressive phone with high end camera at a bargain price!
great phone
i will say this first, i do not have high expectations from phones as i do with other electronics eg. my computers. i use it for calling, texting, and such and sometimes for light games. all i will say is that it is a fast and reliable for light use that i got when the price was like $104 so i am so happy i bought it then. my alcatel pixi unite sucked and hardly lasted a year with considerably light usage.  the glass is hard to get fingerprints on, by the way, and it's is a sturdy construction (if you drop your phone, the case will stay on because it has clips all around the interior of the back panel). for those looking to use this phone with tracfone like me, please remember that this is a gsm unlocked, not cmda. do not try to switch the sim from your old phone to your new phone because tracfone deals out service according to the... imei, or serial number, something like that. they have to manually switch service from your old phone to the new phone using a new sim from the byop pack ($10ish at walmart), it will take half an hour to an hour for all the verification to complete so make sure you have time. if you give tracfone the verizon sim # in the byop pack (should be the last one in the red), they will tell you the phone is not compatible (especially if that person is talking to you late at night and really wants to go home, and will give you no further explanation or help other than "the phone is not compatible"). notify them immediately that your phone is gms unlocked and they will help your from there, you have to use the att or t-mobile sim in the byop pack (i literally had to call the next day when they opened back up since they closed before i could call again, and i made sure to tell the man everything i could about the phone to avoid further... unnecessary setbacks).  also, when i got the phone, it stated in the settings that it's service is verizon. do not let that fool you, verizon is a cmda carrier so it is a misnomer. if neither att or t-mobile work with the phone (try the other if one won't work to be certain), consider that the phone might not be unlocked due to whatever occurrence and return it for another to see if a replacement will work (make sure you keep all the packaging until you verify that the phone service works).
excelente
product as advertised great phone good price!!
j'ai achet ce tlphone en dcembre 2017. a fait donc 2 1/2 mois que je l'utilise. je suis trs trs satisfait. aucune perte de rapidit, une excellente ractivit. cran clair et son clatant. mise  niveau vers android 7. assez bonne camera et fabrication solide. la batterie dure pas mal longtemps aussi. ce tlphone m'a impression. je suis curieux de savoir si les modle g5 ou g6 sont aussi bon. c'est surement pas le mme prix... cons: absence de del de notification, on ne peut afficher le % restant de la batterie sur la barre d'tat.j'ai d installer une application pour ce faire. pros: prix, qualit. cran d'accueil, rapidit, bon format assez large, pas de bloatware non ds-installable ou ds-activables et bon son. edit: le pourcentage est affichage en suivant les instructions ci-bas.
pretty good just having a slight issue with phone calls, i have to use the speaker for people to hear me clearly.
excellent quality handset that is well built and has two sims. ideal for overseas use then you want to keep your home sim in the phone at the same time. i bought 2 of these and both work wonderfully.
an excellent phone, it has an average app memory. mostly works fine, sometimes it heats a little while processing some apps.
just right for the money.
great phone!!!!!
came with android 6.0 and immediately got upgraded to android 7.0. camera quality is good. very good sound. getting software update reminder everyday and it is in a different language. don't know how to change the language which is different only in software update screen. replaceable battery. you can add micro sd card. as usual back cover is plastic. overall, it is good mobile at a very decent low price.
this is a brand new phone with all box and packing. the manual was in spanish, but it can be downloaded free on moto's website. really super nice phone with great reception and nice camera.
the phone work very well! i love it
excellent phone, i have bought it as a present for my wife and she is very happy with it. the performance is great, it takes really good pictures, the only one comment is that it doesn't have the "beauty" option in the camera. it comes with android 6.0, but it can be updated. i strongly recommend this phone to anyone who wants to have an excellent equipment with an excellent price.
excelente...
ok
awesone phone, and it work perfect in venezuela
an excellent phone for the money and largely free of bloatware and preinstalled apps. highly durable and fast.
works great.
motorola siempre mejorando!
nice
pros: unlike some brands, this phone doesn't seem require you to have a bunch of random apps that take up precious space. and the camera is phenomenal, it even shoots 1080p video incredibly well. cons: i have some issues with it lagging from time to time, but i have dropped it a handful of times and i have a very thin case. that probably has a lot to do with it lol. overall i gave it a 5 because for the cost, this is the best phone i've ever had.
it's a pretty nice mid range phone, with only one issue. the turbo charger seems to get the battery real hot, so i opted for a lower output charger, which works just as good, without all the heat.
beautiful phone, unfortunately everything is in spanish - absolutely nothing is in english. required updates for this phone are all written in spanish.
fast phone, responsive, beautiful screen and quite loud. surprisingly well made for the price point. would recommend for everyone. one draw back is not having the turbo charge enabled charger out the box, so to get that function activated one has to purchase another usb charger that is qualcomm 2.0 enabled in order to benefit from a feature built in to the phone. otherwise its 6 hours per charge using the out the box charger.
after two days seems to be working all right (according to my wife).
i don't normally do a followup, but in this case, i thought i'd mention this is an extremely competitive sharp model in its class - and i'd spent another $70 for mine. one of  - if not the, best phones i've bought in any class.great screen pic's. you can now likely step up for an even better moto model.
very good phone, good package, great price..!!
this is my third motorola phone. the first two were dropped into the lake. these have been great phones for me. the battery life is great, it does everything i need it for, and it is reasonably priced. there is nothing that i dislike.
best product, it is software appliance, there are many wrong system updates, reducing the performance from the original.
from the performance to the battery life. at this price it's undersold.
bought this as a gift for my nephew. he loves it! nothing is wrong with it so far. he's happy!
bought this unlocked for a trip abroad (iceland). i'm not an android user daily but this phone has plenty of capability and using a foreign sim card was very easy. it's dual sim'd so i have a us sim as well and that was easy to setup as well. good phone for the price.
good!!!! for this range of price
i ca use this phone in colombia ?
excelente
perfect phone. good performance, just what i was looking for. i think i will considered buy another one for my wife.
excellent....good for the price...features are just the same on other more expensive phones.
i like this phone a lot. the larger size, and screen resolution allow me to do things on the phone that i used to do on the computer or tablet. camera is great. battery life is adequate. nothing bad to say about it at this point.
puntual las entregas
beautiful! thanks!
amazon music tells me this motorola is my 22nd android device :)  so i've had many androids over the years.  most recently a nexus 6, which i lost, replaced by a lg g4 which ended up bricked.  so i bought this budget android not expecting too much really.  i've had other budget androids including zte, lg, samsung etc.  this is one of the best phones i've ever purchased.  hands down better device than the g4 at a 1/4 of the price.  i cannot tell you how happy i am with it.  i would have to seriously consider whether to use my nexus 6 if i were to find it.  unlocked out of the box with no extra ads of any kind.  no carrier ads, no packaged/bundled useless software, etc.  it is straight up android (upgrading automatically to android 7 out of the box) and it works perfectly.  i would give this phone 10 stars if i could based on value relative to price.  it is 10 times the quality of anything put out by blu.
got this phone late september 2017. so far i have no complaints.
incredible phone for the price! everything works the way it should, very nice display, very accurate touch screen no complaints whatsoever!
excellent phone.
this phone has impressed me. easy to setup and use. dual sim is nice to have. if not wanting to carry 2 phones, then take sim out of other phone and install into this phone. also nice to have when travel. i have t-mobile and could use there text and data in indonesia, yet had indonesian sim for calls and text. when went on trip with friend to florida from ohio,, i slapped in his sim and we could use the car's bluetooth for 1 phone yet 2 lines. easy to remove cover to add/remove sim or sd on the fly. very pleased for price.
